' ' I am halfway up a mountain , ' ' Tom alleged .
I would like to be a Chinese laborer , said Tom coolly .
No , baby oil does NOT come from squeezing dead babies .
Dentists do not like a hard day at the orifice .
Are evil wildebeests bad gnus ?
If you can not be good , be careful .
A busy barber is quite harried .
My name is Avery . I raise birds .
Two construction workers had a stairing contest .
In the winter , some horses are Friesian .
It is between my sole and my heel , said Tom archly .
OLD ELECTRICIANS never die , they just do it until it Hz .
Yesterday I accidentally swallowed some food coloring . The doctor says I am OK , but I feel like I have dyed a little inside .
And Adam asked , " What is a Headache ? "
Follow your knows .
A china doll was marked in tiny letters : ' maid in USA ' .
I deny everything , said Tom knowingly .
The best things come in small packages .
The key to changing your performance ability is by tuning out criticism and staying musically octave .
She was only a Farmer ' s daughter , but she was the best little hoer in the county .
A good mind possesses a kingdom .
' ' I have stuck a pin through my nose , ' ' said Tom punctually .
I am the presenter of the South Bank Show , Melvyn bragged .
We welcome you with open psalms .
Diets are for people who are thick and tired of it all .
When Socrates needed to buy food he went to the grocery stoa .
There is no peace for the wicked .
The cobbler was asked how many shoes he had soled by a well
In an attempt to kill a fly , I drove into a pole .
Features should be discovered , not documented !
They will not stay at friendly hotels , because they are hostel people .
" I drank WHAT ? ! ? ! " - Socrates
Let us all play an A , a C sharp , and an E , cried Tom ' s band with one accord .
The young pine sapling was admonished by his father . Apparently he had been knotty .
The doctors had to remove a bone from my arm , said Tom humorlessly .
I have been to a film festival in the South of France , said Tom cannily .
And Homer saith unto them , " D ' OH ! " - - Bart 17 : 3
A music store was robbed . The thief made away with the lute .
He threw jello at his wife , who had him arrested for carrying a congealed weapon .
' ' Be still my hart ' ' she murmured , thinking how magnificent and stag - like he was .
Desperate times call for desperate measures .
His wife left him saying she was going home to mutter .
Yesterday a cow saved my life - it was bovine intervention .
' ' Why is this telephone flex always tangled ? ' ' asked Tom coyly .
Fashion is something that goes in one era and out the other .
What kind of flooring do alligator hunters use ? Reptiles !
The ultimate liquid measure is the supreme quart .
There are no answers , only cross - references .
When his clothes dryer broke he was lint another one .
Acupuncture is a jab well done .
Cows make noise only when they are in the mood .
Guns do not kill people . Bullets kill people .
I am spending a year dead for tax purposes .
When asked by a Health Department official to describe the mess he saw on the slaughterhouse floor , the USDA inspector replied , ' ' It was just offal . ' '
After burning a batch of cookies a baker felt very crummy .
The boating store had its best sail ever .
Better an egg today than a hen tomorrow .
When asked to picture the perfect modern defensive weapon the Claymore springs to mine .
When it got stuck in the mud my car had to be toad .
When my camera fell in the toffee I was making , I got a very candied picture .
When in doubt , do nothing .
She wanted the large estate quite badly but , she dared not mansion it to her frugal husband .
My name is Bond , James Bond of Borg . You will be shaken , not stirred .
' ' I have been listening to the Brandenburg Concertos , ' ' Tom barked .
By yourself you are in the right . In a group you are in the throng .
When the glassblower inhaled he got a pane in the stomach .
If gophers become extinct , the hole ecosystem will die .
Sufficient unto the day is the evil thereof .
' ' I can see through the window , ' ' said Tom stiltedly .
When I went to the International Club , I accidentally spilled coffee on a Hindu lady ' s dress . I told her I was very sari .
The Net - surfing bandits always ended an operation by clearing out the cash .
Leftover spaghetti is pasta its prime .
' ' This food tastes of plutonium , ' ' said Tom glowingly .
' ' Would you like some soda ? ' ' asked Tom caustically .
When the florist was running behind in delivering the roses , he had to put the petal to the metal .
I just had some coffee that was good only for its sedimental value .
Children can do some knotty things with string .
A waterbed may just be the vinyl resting place .
Optimist : A Yugo owner with a trailer hitch !
Camille relocated to Little Italy : They made her a cougher ; she could not refuse
Bloom where you are planted .
A cross between a puppy and a bunny is a rabid dog .
I am a lion hunter , said Tom , pridefully
I would love to , but the President said he might drop in .
Rome wasn not built in a day .
The sign on the nudist camp said , ' Clothed ' til May ' .
To kill a circus in one blow , go for the juggler .
Don not talk the talk if you cannot walk the walk .
I am from a Humberside port , said Tom ghoulishly .
I love cats , Tom mused .
Money makes the mare go .
OLD BUTCHERS never die , they only meat their fate .
Love of money is the root of all politics .
The inventor of chewing gum soon bubbled his money .
A young corporal dislocated his arm during a battle but kept going . You could say he was shouldering on .
The manufacturing of t - shirts has really cotton .
My name is Matt . I am a doorman .
All are not thieves that dogs bark at .
When the crop was destroyed , there was no more cranberry source .
I phoned the zoo but the lion was busy .
' ' Boy , that is a bright star , ' ' said Tom seriously .
The postmen get together for mail bonding .
You go to heaven . . . God sneezes . . . What do you say ?
Authors can be very PENsive .
My name is Harry . I am a barber .
Neuter your dog - an ounce of prevention is better than a pound of curs .
Giving praise is when you let off esteem .
' ' Now I can do some painting , ' ' said Tom easily .
Truth may be blamed , but it shall never be shamed .
Press Control , Alt , Delete for an I . Q . Test .
People who like gold paint have a gilt complex .
The bald man decided to consider a hair transplant to rogaine his confidence in looking younger .
The self - conscious shipbuilder tried to recruit extremely sycophantic sailors to compliment her newly designed destroyer .
I am not afraid of heights ; I am afraid of widths .
Look before you leap .
The obese editor started a weight redaction program .
An optometrist told his patient : " It appears your vision is improving ! " " Really ? " replied the patient . " Must be the luck of the iris " '
Ethel the Aardvark Goes Quantity Surveying . . . the Musical !
In the dark ? Follow the son .
This is your brain . Postscript on brain your is This .
As to how to play snooker , some people don not have a cue .
A parade of horses went down Mane street .
I used to do rock climbing as a youth , but I was much boulder back then .
Dateline London : Eccentric ornithologist travels to foreign land to teach pigeon English .
Some childen are often on their pest behavior .
When gossip finally led to the landlady ' s arrest for murdering her tenants and scattering parts of their bodies around town , her only comment was , ' ' Well , that is what comes of spreading roomers . ' '
The four snack groups : cakes , crunchies , frozen and sweets .
Old is Gold , but never sold .
I will never give up my hounds ! Tom said doggedly .
I do not have a solution but I really admire the problem .
Someone once accused me of stealing an old , rare , valuable stamp , and I philately denied it .
Behind every good computer - is a jumble of wire .
To learn rope tricks you have to be taut .
For the woman who wore size 13 , finding shoes that fit was no small feat .
Don not change horses in midstream .
Wife to husband , ' ' That was an explosive passage of gas , I would say about 8 . 0 on the sphincter scale . ' '
When I phoned my friend yesterday we mainly talked about the weather and our upcomimg exams , and we both agreed that the poring was sickening .
Have you ever read the Rime of the Ancient Gardener ? It was written by Samuel Taylor Foliage .
Two heads are better than one .
It is amazing what two or more sinners can achieve together with synergy .
Some mathematicians are reluctant to cosine a loan .
' ' We have no oranges , ' ' Tom said fruitlessly .
I dropped a tub of margarine in the kitchen and ended up with a Parkay floor .
A drummer can cymbalize the enthusiasm of a band .
' ' I have to keep this fire alight , ' ' Tom bellowed .
Aibohphobia : Fear of palindromes .
Dentist ' s famous last words : " You will not feel a thing . . . "
A cook made pancakes flippantly .
Nice looking glass ! said Tom reflectively .
What keeps a dock floating above water ? Pier pressure .
Waste not , want not .
A little pot is easily hot .
Legends tell us that a weakness of the carnivorous vampire is a steak .
There is nothing to stop me putting things in tins , said Tom cannily .
If screwups were dollars , I would be a millionaire ! !
The pistol of a flower is its only protections against insects .
Psychiatrists like Kentucky Freud Chicken .
I hate sweet potatoes , Tom yammered .
The workers at that inn are very unfriendly . They create a hostel environment .
Smile , and the world smiles with you ; cry , and you cry alone .
I may have my faults , but being wrong is not one of them .
Hotel owners usually have suite dreams .
SHOCKING TRUTH : 50 % of all people are below average . . . .
Both of his feet are firmly planted in the air .
The telemarketer asked me if I read magazines at all and I replied that I did , periodically .
When the proposal was made to locate the governor ' s mansion in Albany , New Yorkers said , ' ' That ' s a capitol idea . ' '
A reconciled friend is a double enemy .
She became an art dealer because she wanted more Monet .
A nudist has no reason to fear a pickpocket .
Don not throw the baby out with the bathwater .
You are not old , You are chronologically disadvantaged
The corner of Ninth and Broad attracts a lot of the homeless because of its reputation for having a grate area for sleeping
Poets are born , but orators are trained .
7 days without prayer makes 1 weak
It has been a business doing pleasure with you . . .
Press < CTRL > < ALT > < DEL > to read the next message . . .
You should never take rocks for granite .
Ignorance is bliss .
' ' If I let go of the ceiling it will collapse , ' ' Tom upheld .
Today is cancelled due to lack of interest !
' ' For what we are about to receive , may the Lord make us truly thankful , ' ' said Tom gracefully .
He that stays in the valley will not get over the hill .
Before the golfer finished drinking the iced , brewed beverage he dropped his tee on the cart path .
He avoided funerals because he was not a mourning person .
They say curiosity killed the cat , and they were not kitten .
During a recent trip to Qatar , Bill Clinton went to McDonald ' s and ordered fries with a sheik .
' ' I swallowed some of the glass from that broken window , ' ' Tom said painfully .
A farmer wanting to kill a chicken for dinner has to move faster than a speeding pullet .
OLD CHEMISTS never die , they just lose their refluxes .
I am easy to please as long as I get my way .
' ' I chop down trees for a living , ' ' said Tom lumberingly .
Enter any 11 - digit prime number to continue
There is nothing worse for a performer than an audience of drunks and their boos .
Truckers like houses with long haulways .
' ' The sun is rising , ' ' Tom mourned .
A politician who had been an astronomer was always saying ' no comet ' .
Come in and get a peace of the rock
Psychoceramics : The study of crackpots .
Mainframe : the biggest PC peripheral you can buy .
' ' I know what herb would taste nice with this , ' ' said Tom sagely .
An heir is someone with a descent wage .
The shy stripper could not bare it on stage .
Those who have icicles keep a stiff upper drip .
I learned that the antelopes were coming when I heard the gnus .
If you want the last word with a woman , apologize .
A paramedic got a new job as a chauffeur : an ambiance driver .
Politeness costs nothing and gains everything .
Two cheerleaders got married after they met by chants .
After the sniper attack at the symphony softball game , there were no men left on bass .
Do not put the cart before the horse .
Sticks and stones may break my bones but words will never hurt me .
If you really want to know , you will not ask me .
OLD CHINESE COOKS never die , they just wok away
Eggs and oaths are soon broken .
My name is Manuel , I write instruction books .
The ailing king of the doves sensed an imminent coup .
OLD SAILORS never die , they just lose their porpoise .
OLD ANTENNA ENGINEERS never die , they just phase away .
If you ride a bus you have to pay your fare share .
A home is not home without mom
If you work in a bakery you may have to take on many roles .
My wife uses a kitchen implement to shred garlic and parmesan cheese , which I hate . It really is the grater of two evils .
Chickens can give some people a foul rash .
Everybody was in shock when the hair stylist dyed .
Do not bite the hand that feeds you .
Blood is thicker than water .
Qwertyus , god of keyboards , is a character from geek mythology .
' ' Are you homosexual ? ' ' Tom queried gaily .
Businesses selling pleasure boats often have a sail .
What a tangled web we weave , when first we practice to deceive .
Wheaties near the body suggested that police look for a cereal killer .
He that would hang his dog gives out first that he is mad .
I do not own any slaves . My wife has one , though .
OLD DOCTORS never die they just lose their patience .
The thief broke into the music store and stole the lute .
The actors had one great movie after another . They were on a role .
BorgBurgers . We do it our way . Your way is irrelevant .
Paddle your own canoe .
A perfectly spherical pumpkin makes good pi .
The invisible cows were herd but not seen .
You have obviously been educated beyond your intelligence .
Photography developers occasionally have serious emulsional problems .
Use it or lose it .
The overweight fighter pilot was grounded for violating the rules of engorgement .
There is luck in odd numbers .
This is what I have learned off by heart Tom wrote .
In his free time , my son in college hunts deer and sells the meat . He says the doe helps him with his expenses .
' ' 3 . 14159265 , ' ' Tom said piously .
The geologist went to the doctor because he had a loss of apatite .
OLD GRAVEDIGGERS ; never die , they just spade away .
The pun in the title of the play ' ' The Importance of Being Earnest ' ' was a Wilde idea .
' ' I prefer trout to salmon , ' ' Tom said officiously .
One gruelingly intense month into the year - long diet regimen , the overwhelmed patient concluded she could not stand the weight .
The Vatican ' s supplier of duck eggs is elected by sacred balut .
Slow and steady wins the race .
Good fences make good neighbors .
I have been listening to the Brandenberg Concertos , Tom barked .
OLD GOSSIPS never die they just lose their confidants
When the father found he had septuplets , he could hardly believe his own census .
Some horses cause their owners a lot of woe .
Because the champion angler instructed his pupils to cast their lines where the river runs through narrow chasms , they called him the ' ' fissure King . ' '
Better bow than break .
Tried some bear stew . It was a little grizzly .
The cat in northern Scandinavia always had a lapp to sit on .
Making up puns about the finest soil is the loess form of humor .
The proof of the pudding is in the eating .
I have not developed my photographs yet , said Tom negatively .
If you eat soup that is nine days old you will get bad broth .
If you lie down with dogs , you ' ll get up with fleas .
' ' This is where I keep my arrows , ' ' said Tom quiveringly .
Time is precious .
My name is Clarence , I specialize in end - of - season inventory closeout sales .
Do not count your chickens before they ' re hatched .
Some days you get the bear , other days the bear gets you .
Out of sight . . . Out of mind .
Herbivores come in browns and graze .
A husband who thinks he is as solid as a rock may have a wife who wishes he was a little bolder .
' ' Congratulations ; you graduated , ' ' said Tom diplomatically .
Never mind the star , get those camels off my lawn !
Solve the problems of the world : Vote anarchist .
It takes two to make a quarrel .
Are Philosophy papers graded with Marx out of ten ?
The mad scientist in the old castle had a strange secret – but he kept it under his bat .
A teacher having a tough time longs for the end of the school daze .
The Keystone Kops were frequently criticized for excessive use of farce .
My dog thinks he ' s human , my cat thinks he ' s GOD .
Scarecrows are always garden their patch .
Isn ' t the Grand Canyon just gorges ?
The church choir robes were too long and needed to be hymned .
First Rule of Intelligent Tinkering - Save all parts
' ' Do not you know my name ? ' ' asked Tom swiftly .
Scientists studying the sun have a flare for research .
Abstinence makes the heart grow fonder
I love your old worn - out jacket covered with all those slogans , but I cannot read the frays at the end of the sleeves .
Think before you speak .
A clean thief always makes a stainless steal .
Look on the sunny side of life .
' ' Boy , I wish the elevator were working , ' ' said Tom , staring up to the top .
The chickens were distraught when the tornado destroyed their home . Hopefully they will be able to recoup .
Those who hate classical music have my symphony .
The fish were shy - obviously koi .
The Jedi Knight traded in his light saber for a light dagger . He had gone over to the dirk side .
A skunk fell in the river and stank to the bottom .
What goes up must come down .
I fought with Geronimo , said Tom bravely .
' ' I think I have broken my leg ' ' , reported Tom lamely .
A . 45 beats a royal flush EVERY TIME
We sternly warned the circus clown not to light the fuse while we were inside the cannon , but he did it anyway - - and it really made us soar .
' ' I have been reading Voltaire , ' ' Tom admitted candidly .
A doctor ' s mistakes go six feet under ; a dentist ' s cover an acre .
A good baker will rise to the occasion , it is the yeast he can do .
My sweet mother got so old she granulated .
The vendor at the Arab market resented how I haggled and told me to take a haik .
Be the soul supporter of your children .
Some people who cut hair can be quite barbarous .
Drinking a whole bucket of water could make you turn pail .
She was only a Grape picker ' s daughter , but she was somewhat of a winer .
A cat ate some cheese and waited for a mouse with baited breath .
Do not make a mountain out of a molehill .
Beautifully manicured lawns are highly sod after .
Live and let live .
The man leaned on the printer cartridge because he wanted to tone up his abs .
I will take the girl to the dance , Tom promised .
Two wrongs can make a riot .
An illiterate fisherman was lost at c .
She was so thrifty she could smell a bargain a mall away .
Any sufficiently advanced bug will become a feature .
Act your praise , not your shoe size .
Partying Saturday and Sunday leaves me feeling weakened .
He ' s an ill cook that cannot lick his own fingers .
It was raining cats and dogs . There were poodles all over the road .
Because they moved into an apartment , they did not need to cut the grass any mow .
When priests have a good idea they are supposed to parish the thought .
The only things sure for cab drivers are debt and taxis .
As I revived her using mouth to mouth resuscitation , in spite of my lisp , I could not help noticing her beautiful breaths !
Sign at a place where you lose weight : ' Stop Look and Lessen ' .
She was only a Cyclist ' s daughter , but she peddled it all over town .
' Because ' is a word to the whys .
Call a spade a spade .
Fine feathers make fine birds .
If you are stiff as a board it could be the lumbar .
A good carpenter will do his work and then varnish without a trace .
Geologists can be sedimental about their work .
If jokes could be owned like land , then no good pun would go undeeded .
' ' Once upon a time there was a beautiful princess , ' ' Tom began grimly .
Gallup and Harris are poller opposites .
I like Chinese detective movies , Tom chanted .
Mr . Coffee returns from Soviet Russia : ' ' I have seen the future and it perks ' '
No need of words , trust deeds .
The snowstorm arrived at a fortuitous moment . It was white on time .
My uncle developed a strange vulgar habit . He would only cuss when he ' d eat chicken . The doctor said he has seen this happen in some cases . Too much chicken can produce a fowl mouth .
If you cannot make it good , make it big .
How do spacemen add more protein to their diet ? They make it meteor .
Kennebunkport was George Bush ' s maine vacation spot .
Burn not your house to rid it of the mouse .
I am glad I know sign language , it is pretty handy .
I had to pay to get into the annual local carnival . But that was the county fare .
A successful diet is the triumph of mind over platter .
Now on CD ROM , classic taglines of the computer era .
I must attend my flock , said Tom , sheepishly .
The local baker was paying his staff based on a flourly rate .
It wasn ’ t the apple on the tree , but the pair beneath it .
He stayed at the auction to the bidder end .
The new father of quintuplets could hardly believe his own census .
I was going to study the work of Sigmund Freud , but I was too Jung to understand it .
I would really like to know whether her collapse was due to a serious illness or whether it was one of her usual feints .
One good turn deserves another .
Bureaucrats cut red tape - - lengthwise .
This is the Netherlands , Tom stated flatly .
Pablo and Jose waited for a signal from Pilar to join her in the Church Tower , but neither responded to the chiming because they did not know for whom the belle was tolling .
THIS TRUCK HAS BEEN IN 8 ACCIDENTS . It has not lost one yet .
Never lie to your doctor .
I went to see my guru but he was not omm .
Working in the bakery left her with a loathe of bread .
Arriving late , Senator Kennedy slipped on a banana peel and fell in a heap , resulting in a humerus break in the midst of the subcommittee ' s intense discussion .
Never look a gift horse in the mouth .
The Chinese chef maliciously dumped a hot broth with dumplings on an obnoxious customer . It was a wanton soup attack .
Learn to walk before you run .
When a college dormitory exploded a lot of roomers were flying .
At the petting zoo I saw a sheep scratching itself . Turns out it had fleece .
It is where we store the hay , Tom said loftily .
At the urban renewal site , contractors were simultaneously tearing down and erecting . It was interesting to watch them razing all those buildings .
I think my learning curve has turned into a circle .
There was a lot of equestrian paraphernalia at the bridle shower .
A preposition is a poor word to end a sentence with .
There is a repair shop for baroque musical instruments .
My wife really likes to make pottery , but to me it is just kiln time .
The swollen blood vessels in her legs were very quarrelsome - she had bellicose veins .
The astronomer made a claim about a well - known star , but it was not sirius .
If it ain ' t water - cooled . . . it is a terminal !
' ' I can eat one hundred and forty - four , ' ' Tom boasted grossly .
Who digs a trap for others ends up in it himself .
For meat some people eat lamb and mutton else .
' ' I am mentioned in this book , ' ' said Tom contentedly .
Mind your own business .
If you want those ashes , you ' ll have to urn them .
Everyone makes mistakes , if not we ' d all be single !
The cheap eye surgeon was always cutting corneas .
The salesman was peddling used bikes .
I tried to record an album in a reptile shop , but there was a terrible gecko .
Seek and ye shall find .
Blessed are the meek , for they make great scapegoats .
History repeats itself .
Knowledge is power .
OLD BATHERS never die , they just wade away .
' ' I wish I could remember the name of that card game , ' ' said Tom wistfully .
Is there a lawyer in the house ? < BLAM ! > Is there another ?
Old cotton - pickers never die . They just bale out .
Russia was slow to recover after WW2 because it kept Stalin around .
' ' This looks like the fruit of the blackthorn , ' ' said Tom slowly .
No matter how much you push the envelope , it ' ll still be stationery .
' ' Why shouldn ' t I stir my coffee with a ballpoint pen ? ' ' Tom bickered .
It is not a BUG , it is an undocumented feature !
I am in total control , but do not tell my wife .
' ' The seesaw is upside down , ' ' said Tom saucily .
50 Shades of Grace
In his latest promotional campaign , the manager of City Tent and Awning told his crew to canvas the entire area .
I once worked at a factory that made boat paddles . The starting pay was ten dollars an oar .
Many are content to live in a coal mine and never see the son .
My two uncles bet who would get married first . Then one upped the ante .
If roosters saw how hens are treated they ' d turn over in their gravy .
No man is indispensable .
If it works , you must have done something wrong .
The dervish had so much endurance , he set a new whirled record .
The customer is always right .
I simply must find a new podiatrist . My podiatrist has developed such a callus attitude .
I went out for a run this morning and tripped over , I could have been wearing the wrong size shoes , I haven ' t seen the footage yet .
Is that pure rump roast ? Nothing butt .
OLD TREE SURGEONS never die , they just take a final bough .
Fire ! yelled Tom alarmingly .
One of the tires just blew out , Tom said sparingly .
Much bran and little meal .
Beware of Greeks bearing gifts .
May the 4th be with you .
Lizards have a very strong heartbeat which can be faintly heard anywhere on their body , said Mr . Johnson , beginning a story . ' ' Come listen to this tail . ' '
Ms . Earhart ' s loss to aviation could never be ameliorated .
God is on the side of the strongest batallions .
If wishes were horses , beggars would ride .
The more the merrier .
So that is the way the wind blows , said Tom vainly .
Justice pleaseth few in their own house .
It was not school John disliked it was just the principal of it .
If you are not the lead dog , the view can be very interesting !
Mickey Mouse gives some people Disney spells .
The nudist defended himself by citing his Constitutional right to bare arms .
My friend said , ' There is a lot of gold in those hills . ' I replied , ' That ' s a load of bullion . ' .
Never say never .
Governments absorb 100x their weight in excess liberties .
Piano players are considered to be Baldwin they lose their hair .
My stereo ' s half - fixed , said Tom monotonously .
The race horse went lame early . It was the first out of its gait .
First things first .
The study of ancient symbols will lead you to rune .
' ' What ' s a wide - angle lens ? ' ' asked Tom obtusely .
Insomnia is not anything to lose sleep over .
Every cloud has a silver lining .
A bee keeper will sell you honey with swarm wishes .
My pet bird can predict the future . He is an omen pigeon .
' ' I am waiting to see the doctor , ' ' said Tom patiently .
Guerrilla warfare is more than just throwing a banana .
Did you know that donuts were first made in Greece ?
' ' Europe needs more self - restraint , ' ' said Tom continently .
My name is Hans . I am a manicurist
Two snakes parted , and one said , ' fangs for the memories ' .
Health is wealth .
A bird with a headache might just migrane south .
Swine were the most influential animal of the last decade .
My sofa was repaired , but I was surprised to find an item on the bill for upholstery tacks .
Some resist having the ' flu jab but it is quite innocuous .
Some people do not have the Vegas idea of how to quit gambling .
I got a nasty electric shock the other day , but I was not phased .
My name is Russell , I am a cattle thief
Look at those tall flowers , said Tom gladly .
If this were an actual tagline , it would be funny .
Every fool is pleased with his own folly .
Can you repeat the part after ' Listen very carefully ' ?
What you seize is what you get .
' ' It is just gold leaf , ' ' said Tom guiltily .
' ' I have an urgent appointment , ' ' said Tom in Russian .
A crow in a telephone booth had no money so he had to make a collect caw .
On my tour of the U . K . , Charles invited me to cook at Buckingham Palace , and naturally , I took photos so I could show everyone the prince .
An unemployed logger is a would worker .
A waist is a terrible thing to mind .
Do not confuse me with facts , my mind is made up !
The sailor called his girlfriend ' s belly ring a naval destroyer .
I started to work at a seafood buffet , but then I pulled a mussel .
Fashionable women in Indiana all wear designer Hoosiery .
John Deere has just released its most powerful tractor yet . It is the torque of the town .
She was only a Colonel ' s Daughter , but she was great to the navy and rotten to the corps .
I do not have all the answers , just those that count .
Reading music makes me crotchety .
That makes 144 , said Tom , grossly .
I saw a beaver movie last night , it was the best dam movie I have ever seen .
The fine print is usually a clause for suspicion .
Insert disk 5 of 4 and press any key to continue
The haughty magician had illusions of grandeur .
Greys Anatomy has many humerus remarks .
Although he perfected his comic routines on the mainland , his best audiences were in the aisles .
It is just like a cowboy to stirrup trouble .
The exception proves the rule .
' ' I was the first to climb Mount Everest , ' ' said Tom hilariously .
Lets go to the gym and weight a while .
People have a happy time vacationing in Ireland because they are walking on Eire .
I will tempt Adam tonight , she said evilly .
Sellers of dried grapes are always raisin awareness .
' ' I won ' t tell you anything about my salivary glands , ' ' said Tom secretively .
The child is father to the man and to the woman .
I need to go on a diet , said Tom wastefully .
I have caught Moby Dick ! Tom wailed .
The prodigal son was having a bad heir day .
I may look busy , but I am just confused !
A man too busy to take care of his health is like a mechanic too busy to take care of his tools .
To emphasize that someone is a stranger : ' ' As we used to say in the cheese industry , I do not know him from Edam . ' '
He frequently practices furtive looks to operate at peek efficiency .
Diplomacy : Saying " Nice doggie " until you can find a rock
A king is old when he reaches the age of sovereignty .
Take a God look at yourself .
There was an orchestra conductor who threw tempo tantrums .
Company ' s coming , Tom guessed .
What did the nice girl say when her date invited her home to see his stamp collection ? ' Philately will get you nowhere ' .
All is not lost that is in danger .
Bakers have a great knead to make bread .
If you think that mutt made strange sounds as a pup , you should hear him grown .
She was only a Columnist ' s daughter , but she ' s always chasing wild roomers .
Wanting to buy his girlfriend a gift that she was sure to appreciate , Bugs Bunny decided that something on the order of twenty - four carats would be about right .
Every man has his price .
As they looked at the recreation of the Greek temple on Rodeo Drive while a freak ice storm was occurring , Emily and Henry were astonished by the very unusual frieze .
The proctologist reassured the patient that his condition could be rectified .
He that hath a head of wax must not walk in the sun .
A tangled bell ringer tolled himself off .
Proffer ' d service stinks .
Hindsight is always twenty - twenty .
Old habits die hard .
The chicken crossed the playground to get to the other slide .
Do not believe what you hear about fleas and ticks - - it is all lice .
The bold print giveth and the fine print taketh away .
The hotel regrets that you do not find your rooms satisfactory ; I will send up our sweet manager right away .
I feel empty inside , Tom hollered .
To earn an A in ' ' Sewing with Burlap ' ' , you really have to know the coarse material .
' ' It is my personal magnetism , ' ' said Tom ironically .
My name is Phillip , I am a service station attendant .
' ' I have gained thirty pounds , ' ' said Tom heavily .
Did you hear about the father that was difficult to see ? He was transparent .
Selling gasoline too cheaply would be fuelish .
' ' I am just an ordinary soldier , ' ' Tom admitted privately .
If you buy cheaply , you pay dearly .
The best defense against logic is stupidity .
A test - tube baby has a womb with a view .
Having too many vowels is a consonant struggle in the game of Scrabble .
When making butter there is little margarine for error .
Get the stick , Rover ! Tom called fetchingly .
The triangular computer monitor business was just a big pyramid screen .
The cost of a galvanized hull is enough to zinc a ship .
Victims of bad construction in the orient are ' bamboozled ' .
The psychotic florist created many flower derangements .
Do not expect to eat something fancy when you are flying because it is plane food .
He that swells in prosperity will shrink in adversity .
' ' This steamroller is amazing , ' ' said Tom flatteringly .
He is an excellent soup maker . You might say he is consomme professional .
Have you ever heard of an honest cheetah ?
Some bankers are generous to a vault .
Some rappers are good but others are Ludacris .
Better go about than fall into the ditch .
In times like these the value of Chinese currency should make Americans pay attention . Instead , too many of us just yuan .
Life ' s battle do not always go to the stronger or faster man , but sooner or later the man who wins is the one who thinks he can .
Computer programs for gambling need beta testing .
Did you hear about the nervous preacher ? He had sweaty psalms .
Love laughs at locksmiths .
Bumper Sticker : HORN NOT WORKING - - WATCH FOR HAND SIGNALS .
Nature never did betray the heart that loved her .
The winter drive - by shooting was a slay ride .
Bought friends are not friends indeed .
On the old trains the engineer had a lot of esteem .
Why are Italians so good at making coffee ? Because they really know how to espresso themselves .
A police dog is often the scenter of a drug arrest .
Give , and ye shall receive .
You CAN trust the government . . . ask any Indian .
Patience is a virtue that carries a lot of wait .
Two coin collectors got together for old dimes sake .
The stress of having his beloved pet bunny die caused a man to go bald - - he was very upset about losing his hare .
5 billion years the earth takes to form , and we get THIS ?
' ' I presented my case to the judge , ' ' Tom said briefly .
Someone led me to believe that graphite was discovered in Pennsylvania .
' ' I haven ' t had my photographs developed yet , ' ' said Tom negatively .
Getting soap in your eyes is no lathering matter .
Why did the dairy churn ? The less said , the butter . . .
I was fighting a Dragon , easier slayed then done .
Rabbits generally lead a hoppy life .
My family scoffed when I had a divine inspiration I would get rich selling my ' ' Beets Brule , ' ' but after I made my first million , they had to admit I made quite a prophet .
Avoid the 5 o ' clock rush - always leave work at noon .
After a cold winter , will deciduous trees be releaved ?
The cast , after the scene in the forest , took their boughs .
The little green men told me it was the Dog Star . I told them they cannot be Sirius .
The squeaky wheel gets the grease .
Old chicken farmers never die , they just have a dozen aches .
1 + 2 = 3 ; Therefore , 4 + 5 = 6 .
The tightrope walker gently took a step at a time and always wore diamond - laced slippers . The spectators always would stare in awe at the tightrope walker ' s feat .
Now , witness the power of this fully OPERATIONAL tagline !
Do not judge a man until you have walked a mile in his boots .
Sailors like to seas opportunities .
This is a good bra , she said upliftingly .
' ' She even flies her own jet , ' ' Tom leered .
Give neither salt nor counsel till you are asked for it .
A problem shared is a problem halved .
I am simply not a nice girl , ' ' she whispered tartly .
In the novel , there is an unexpected secret meeting of the lovers . It is a plot tryst .
' ' I would like to be a Chinese labourer , ' ' said Tom coolly .
A men ' s wear store has opening and clothing times .
She was only a Carpenter ' s daughter , but she knows every vise .
Little Bo Peep grew tired of the daily search for her lost sheep and decided to keep them in the garden area close to her house . Since she no longer had to spend her days tracking down her wayward herd , Bo decided to take up the hobby of flower gardening . Now every morning Bo Peep goes out to tend her phlox .
Shopaholics never die , they just sale away .
' ' My pencil is blunt , ' ' said Tom pointlessly .
A man is known by the company he keeps .
This , too , shall pass .
If only women came with pull - down menus and on - line help !
As the old cock crows , so crows the young .
All students in Helsinki go to Finnish school .
We Are Not Dairy Queen … But We Have Great Sundays
OLD STOREKEEPERS never die , they just sale away .
No viruses detected . Must be a pair of Nanites .
When the waiter told me they were out of corn I said , " That really shucks . "
Making your own hard liquor is a whiskey business .
Many a true word is spoken in jest .
' ' Have you seen my collection of ancient Chinese artifacts ? ' ' asked Tom charmingly .
The son shines on the righteous .
A mans worst enemies are often those of his own house .
The weather man said there won ' t be any rain for 6 months , but I drought it .
The class took a field trip to a meat processing plant , but what they saw was just offal .
Two mining companies merged and became alloys .
A course offered to introduce French in five easy liaisons .
' ' Has my magazine arrived ? ' ' Tom asked periodically .
New legislation forbids anyone but Santa ' s family dressing up as him , and you must be named in the related clauses .
This fowl has been stuffed , said Tom sagely .
Exposure to the Son prevents burning
Animals that tunnel in the soil have to have an escape root .
In a surfing competition the winner got wave reviews .
If at first you do not succeed , then skydiving is not for you .
Practice safe eating – always use condiments .
When she made Mario Puzo ' s books required reading for her class , she made him an author they could not refuse .
Those who find bargain antiques like to junk for joy .
Cheaters never prosper .
I am just here for moral support . . . please ignore the gun .
' ' I bought myself fifty hamburgers and I have only ten left , ' ' said Tom with fortitude .
The body builder worried too much about the lifting contest and his trainer concluded that the mind is a terrible thing to weights .
OLD RIVER RATS never die , they just start to creek
Long fairy tales have a tendency to dragon .
It is difficult to escape being a peasant because resistance is feudal .
Whatever you do , act wisely , and consider the end .
I am single , Tom said wanly .
Windows is not a virus . A virus DOES something .
' ' Lets take a vacation in the south of France , ' ' said Tom nicely .
On the way to the church our car broke down . I desperately tried to find some succor to help us resume our journey .
Pink satin was perfect for her gown , yet the debutante appeared even more charming with beaux on either side .
Exposure to the Son may prevent burning
' ' Where shall I plant these water lilies ? ' ' Tom pondered .
He stared at his belly button so much , he was promoted to navel officer .
' ' It is the quotient of two integers , ' ' said Tom rationally .
Women were meant to be loved , not understood .
Golden Rule : He who has the gold makes the rules .
Humpty Dumpty was pushed ! Well , I saw it on X - Files . . . .
OLD SHOEMAKERS never die , they just lose their sole .
The study of genealogy is a basic requirement for a descent education .
Staying at the trendy , new hotel was the inn thing to do .
A guilty conscience needs no accuser .
I like the latest horror movie so much that I have arranged a private screaming .
The Spaniard ' s wife was always up before the Don .
If children were allowed to dig for coal , would they still be miners ?
I went and saw the Hobbit , it put a Smaug look on my face .
Take me to the dance , Tom bawled .
Opportunities take ' ' now ' ' for an answer
My heart starts aiken when Clay sings .
At some executive meetings there is a chairman of the bored .
If you are in a hole , stop digging .
While attempting to decipher complicated technical instructions : ' ' It is all Geek to me . ' '
It is a lengthy article on Japanese Sword Fighters but I can Samurais it for you .
What is the best store to be in during an earthquake ? A stationery store .
Is fear of sliced bacon irrational ?
I went to prom with a broken leg . During the slow dances my date could tell that I had a crutch on her .
Constant dropping wears away the stone .
War is God ' s way of teaching us geography .
She was small , slender with doe like eyes . ' ' Oh , my deer , ' ' he whispered .
Do not run behind success run behind perfection and success will come behind you .
I would like some Chinese food , said Tom wantonly .
When the creator of Tarzan wrote about Pellucidar and other Earth - core stories , was it Edgar Rice burrows ?
Our garden hose was damaged yesterday , and I could not get to the leek without getting wet .
OLD TEACHERS never die , they just grade away
With friends like that , who needs enemies ?
I am not dead , I am metabolically challenged .
A boy who instinctively waves at people has a natural hi .
My name is Jim I train boxers
' ' These bit patterns will be more readable in groups of 8 , ' ' said Tom bitingly .
The careless pyromaniac made an ash of himself .
Dorothy and Toto found to their horror that tornadoes really could raze a house .
People have many misconceptions about pregnancy .
You are only young once . You are immature forever .
I can keep a secret , it is the people I tell who cannot .
I bought me some of those new paper shirts . I do not like them - they ' re tearable .
OLD FARMERS never die , they just spade away .
The fireplaces of oriental doctors have an Asian flue .
Finding all possible logical relations between a finite collection of sets is not a matter of If but Venn .
The triglyph commented , ' It is friezing in here . .
All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy .
In the delivery room , the unborn infant expected to be given a wide berth .
Easter is more than something to dye for
My name is Gail . I am a meteorologist
Chimney sweep ' s daughter , but she soots me fine .
I used to jog , but the ice kept falling out of my glass .
If a dog was computer literate , would his bark be worse than his byte ?
A hay farmer in jail could get out on bale .
I told my friend about the creative writing class I took , and she said that she had a simile experience .
Doctor , doctor , I keep thinking I am a billiard ball . - Get back in the queue . Next .
Nothing for nothing .
Hot water Heaters : hot water needs heating ?
I am a ditch digger , said Tom , trenchantly
Dog for sale : eats anything and is fond of children
A man ' s home is his castle in a manor of speaking .
' ' I wish I had something to write with , ' ' Tom said pensively .
I do not find health - related puns funny anymore since I started suffering from an irony deficiency .
OLD POLITICIANS never die , they just harangue in there .
Dinna wave that axe aboot , Jimmy ! said Tom heedlessly .
An alien landed at a soft drink company and said ' take me to your liter ' .
The son can warm you forever
He crashed through several windows , but felt no pane .
The sheep robber was caught on the lamb .
His wife loved pottery making but for him it was just kiln time .
Imagination comes before Creation .
' ' I admire East End gangsters , ' ' said Tom crazily .
If you believe in telekinesis , please raise my hand .
Alex , I will take " Things Only I Know " for $ 1000 , please .
When overcome by thoughts of sin the princess visited the knave .
When a problem or dilemma arises : ' ' As plumbers say , it is not drain surgery . ' '
' ' I only have diamonds , clubs and spades , ' ' said Tom heartlessly .
Patience is a virtue heavy in wait
No man can serve two masters .
A veterinarian knows how to make a dog heal .
Life is a puzzle ; look here for the missing peace .
Many people think that Edgar Allan Poe was a raven madman .
Life is ten percent what happens to you and ninety percent how you respond to it .
World Ends at 3pm ; Film at 5 on WLKY Early News . . . .
OLD ENUMERATORS never die , they just lose their census
I am not rude , I am " attitudinally challenged " .
The embarrassed news anchor was bright red , but he nor the television monitor was appropriately phased .
She was only a Glaziers daughter but took great panes to please
Wise men learn by other men ' s harms , fools by their own .
Truth will out .
She was only a Sailor ' s daughter and how she loved seamen .
Never say die .
I am writing a book . I have got the page numbers done .
A pie went for an audition for a part in a play . The casting agent told him he performed well , but it was more of a sausage roll .
Failure is the path of least persistence .
Old programmers never die , they just cannot C as well .
If your dad ' s sisters are construction workers you might call them carpenter aunts .
The swanky hoteliers ' convention tended to attract the inn crowd .
OLD RANCHERS never die , they just breed their last .
The king never let any of his personal musicians go swimming immediately after eating for fear that they would get minstrel cramps .
The Junior NCO had sore wrists . The doctor said it was corporal tunnel syndrome .
' ' I am the butcher ' s assistant , ' ' said Tom cuttingly .
Two brothers fought over some sheet music but their mother wanted to keep the piece .
A mathematician that could not stop adding up recently went incremental .
After being treated by an optometrist , the bird seed .
The satellite went into orbit on January 1st causing a new year ' s revolution .
Two rites make a wrong where bigamy is concerned .
Fishers often wet their appetite .
The guilt - ridden shark always has a feeling of remoras .
The cd salesman said , ' ' The classical music section is right over there , ' ' as he smoothed his pencil - thin mustache and spread another handful of Brylcreem on his hair .
Insanity is doing the same thing over and over , expecting different results .
If you want someone to keep a secret , keep it yourself .
Even though Ashley was blind and under arrest , she still had hope that someone would brail her out .
Traveling on a flying carpet is a rugged experience .
The trucker explained that he was early because he had had no breaks .
OLD CHEESE MAKERS never die , they just lose their whey
We give nothing as willingly as our advice .
If the mint makes 25 cent pieces it should expect quarterly profits .
Good riding at two anchors , men have told , for if the one fails , the other may hold .
Water leaking through wallboard is usually a ceiling problem .
After the lawyer flushed the toilet , it went to the suer .
Last night , I kept dreaming that I had written Lord of the Rings . The wife said I would been tolkien in my sleep .
Keep your own counsel .
' ' I compliment the company that makes the Macintosh computer , ' ' said Tom applauding .
Give the devil his due .
' ' I am losing my hair , ' ' Tom bawled .
' ' I have to wear this cast for another six weeks , ' ' said Tom disjointedly .
I trained my dog to hunt for underground mushrooms but now he ' s more truffle than he ' s worth .
I will never forget that rainstorm near Los Angeles and how the rain came down in Torrance .
He bought the drum for a great price , it was a steel .
Lamb stew is much ado about mutton
Am I ignorant or apathetic ? I do not know and do not care !
The big new clock at city hall was the tock of the town .
Vuja De : The feeling that none of this has happened before .
It takes two to tango .
OLD MILKMAIDS never die they just lose their whey .
A flute teacher is a tutor .
I am singing well these days , Tom intoned .
Lets visit the tombs , said Tom , cryptically .
' ' I am putting on my T - shirt , shorts , and sunglasses , ' ' Tom summarised .
Beware of the false prophets , who come to you in sheep ' s clothing , and inwardly are ravening wolves .
' ' I have joined the navy , ' ' Tom said fleetingly .
' ' I know which boyd gets the woym , ' ' said Tom in an oily voice .
She was only a Grape picker ' s daughter , but she was never Chablis dressed .
The flush toilet is the basis of western civilization .
The last will be first , and the first last .
The garden club visited the nursery and found themselves in a hosta environment .
The woman who rode her broom to a croquet game was a wicket witch .
Jack and Jill is the best nursery rhyme as others pail in comparison .
Being able to fit size 14 shoes is quite a feet .
' ' I still haven ' t struck oil , ' ' said Tom boringly .
Sometimes a pregnancy is so long it seems like a maternity .
When there was a murder backstage at the Grammys they could not find DNA but they did find Prince .
I used up all my sick days , so I am calling in dead .
OLD POPULATION EXPERTS never die , they just lose their census .
When in doubt , tell a lie
If it works , rip it apart and find out why !
His affection for her was more than a passion interest .
I choked on my dessert and decided to sue , so I hired an attorney who specializes in tortes .
I used to enjoy steak and cheese with my eggs , but it is all ova now .
Two is a company ; three is a crowd .
Did you expect mere proof to sway my opinion ?
The vegetable never taken aboard ship is a leek .
It ain ' t over , but the fat lady is clearing her throat .
Before the revolution , Russia was in a Tsary state .
The dentist decided he was going to try a new path to fame and fortune , and this time he would choose a different root .
When you dream in color , it is a pigment of your imagination .
Revenge is a dish best served cold .
Please mix me a martini , said Tom , dryly .
A motorcycle rider with bad teeth is the leader of the plaque .
If you write bad things about me I am libel to sue you .
When the cattlemen ' s association sponsored a track and field competition , followed by a barbecue , the commemorative T - shirt read , ' ' We loved the meet . ' '
You should never drink beyond the pint of no return .
' ' I am just going to put these handcuffs on you , ' ' said Tom manically .
You ' ll never conquer me , Goliath said stonily .
You get what you pay for .
Pray for keeps
When in doubt , leave it out .
What did the grape say when it got stepped on ? Nothing - but it let out a little whine .
Remember when safe sex was not getting caught in the act ?
My friend is very paranoid . He says people are either foe him or against him .
Drinking too much of a certain potent potable may require a leave of absinthe .
Press any key to continue . No , not THAT one !
One might as well be hanged for a sheep as a lamb .
I just got my permit to harvest shrimp in the Antarctic . Now I have a licence to Krill .
He who laughs last . . . had to have it explained .
I can Harley wait to get my motorbike license .
Two lovers who had been apart for some time were reunited on a foggy day . One whispered to the other ' I mist you ' .
If you say you have bad skin , I would say that was a pore excuse .
Hey ! ! These cookies do not taste like Girl Scouts !
When in doubt , mumble . When in trouble , delegate .
' ' That horse looks like a good bet at 20 to 1 , ' ' said Tom oddly .
I wanted to be a clarinettist but I could not reed music .
Britain is a wet place since the queen has had a long reign .
If you do not have anything nice to say , do not say anything at all .
I finished my trigonometry exam without a secant to lose .
Podiatrist malpractice : Callous neglect
A staff is quickly found to beat a dog .
I thought that the penny I was looking for would have belonged to a man , but I detected the cent of a woman .
I told my friend about the creative writing class I took , and she said that she had a simile experience .
Better underdone than overdone .
Those whose child is going through a ' phase ' may wish they had a phaser .
When one door closes , another door opens .
He cussed in his sleep all night and woke up all swore out .
Stolen fruit is the sweetest .
The British cannibal enjoyed snacking on fish and chaps .
AAAAAA - American Association Against Acronym Abuse Anonymous
Do hotel managers get board with their jobs ?
' ' I have mailed the letter , ' ' Tom assented .
Never insult 7 men when all you are packing is a 6 - shooter
A lot of big delivery companies are always trying to courier favour .
' ' It is only average , ' ' said Tom meanly .
Do not even TRY to THINK without proper tools .
' ' Someone bumped into me while I was brushing my teeth , ' ' said Tom with a gleam in his eye .
Having too many axe - like tools to do a particular job only adze to the confusion .
Lions do not have to worry about every little detail in life . . . just the mane thing .
The fisherman kept bragging about the big fish he caught , but he would not be very pacific about where he caught it .
If you buy quality , you only cry once .
OLD TAILORS never die , they just get ironic .
Nature reserves are an eagle opportunity employer .
My name is Les . I am a dietician
Goddard could not be reached . He was out to launch .
I am dangerous when I know what I am doing .
What was the best thing BEFORE sliced bread ?
A guy who accidentally drove his small import into a giant shrink - wrap machine had his Fiat sealed .
An hourglass is a waist of time .
Most hunters are nice because they ' re such deer people .
She was only a Butcher ' s daughter , but there was not much more she could loin .
Great spirits have always encountered violent opposition from mediocre minds .
Sign on a broken perfume bottle , ' ' Out of odor ' ' .
A pediatrician is a doctor of little patients .
The cheque is in the post , Tom assented .
A dentist has to tell a patient the whole tooth .
I was completely exonerated , said Tom clearly .
The flock of doves decided to stage a coo
Dr . Jekyll ' s more successful second formula turned him into a world - class sprinter rather than a violent psychopath , proving that you can run but you cannot always Hyde .
What you can buy for a dollar these days is absolute noncents .
' ' I work at a bank , ' ' said Tom tellingly .
The door swings both ways .
You should massage a cow ' s back before putting it out to posture .
You can lead a horse to water but you cannot make it drink .
My name is Harold . I am a messenger .
When those around King Arthur ' s table had insomnia , there were a lot of sleepless knights .
Unfortunately , Wife 1 . 0 is not upgradable
My friend gave me a book about puns for my birthday and I loved it . It was two meaningful .
The math teacher was hungry , but all she had to eat was a piece of pi .
Some cooks have a shellfish attitude .
As Sir Galahad lifted the sacred chalice , the bottom fell out . He had indeed found the holey Grail .
My name is Belle . I play the carillon .
The king never let any of his personal musicians go swimming immediately after eating for fear that they would get minstrel cramps .
If an experiment works , something has gone wrong
The mushroom is a vegetable of high morel standing .
The promises of some tailors are pure fabrication .
In a bakery buns usually play a small role .
Acupuncture : a jab well done .
Ancient vessels lacked stability because there were no rudders in the days of yaw .
My name is Bea . I am in the honey business . .
The researcher ' s report showed data on the political graphed .
Life is fragile , handle with prayer
Running around your yard for thousands of miles would be quite a feet .
Do not cut off your nose to spite your face .
He who hesitates is lost .
Hard words break no bones .
Penny wise , pound foolish .
Money doesn ' t grow on sprees .
When Mongolians walk they like to take big steppes .
3 . 142 Tom enumerated piously .
I wish I would said that , Oscar , said Tom wildly .
A group of singers wore coral necklaces .
The way to a man ' s heart is through his stomach .
' ' That ' s price - fixing ! ' ' said Tom caustically .
I will get to it on the 2nd Tuesday of next week .
The electricity was off and they could not found out watt was the problem .
Make like mustard and catch up !
Cane sugar cannot be beet .
Got my Uzi , got some Scotch . . . let ' s go to Disneyland !
If life gives you lemons , make lemonade .
Some moss took a lichen to a tree .
I love hockey , said Tom , puckishly .
' ' This Bud ' s for you , ' ' said Tom lightly .
Black holes are where God divided by zero .
He who makes false teeth is an indentured labourer .
There is nothing more precious than time and nothing more prodigally wasted .
' ' This salad dressing has too much vinegar , ' ' said Tom acidly .
When artists dream in color it is a pigment of their imagination .
Tread on a worm and it will turn .
' ' I have never had a car accident , ' ' said Tom recklessly .
When an actress saw her first strands of gray hair she thought she ' d dye .
After delivering a presentation last fall , I sent a message to friends who were unable to attend . The report concluded : ' ' A good time was heard by all . ' '
Some music stores are in a CD part of town .
A clean desk is a sign of a cluttered desk drawer .
A woman ' s work is never done .
Getting your driver ' s license is a right of passage .
The farmer ' s market featured an enormous expanse of bins containing Indian corn , and I wandered aimlessly through this maize for nearly an hour .
The soap - eating cult was swallowing lyes in search of the truth .
Pray up in advance .
' ' I have to sing a run of eighth notes , ' ' said Tom quaveringly .
Why was the orange sad ? He had peelings for the apple .
The discovery of how to make steel was ironic .
They were the quietest burglars in the history of New York City . The newspapers called them " Criminal Mimes . "
OLD HAIRDRESSERS never dye . . . or cut .
Do not make the same mistake twice .
Upon being shown a uniquely sculptured piece of so - called granite , a geologist remarked to his colleague ' ' You know that is really gneiss . ' '
When choosing between two evils , select the newer one .
I came , I saw , I confused .
I have seen the data . . . now bring me some I can agree with
Bad is the best choice .
This message written with recycled electrons .
A cardboard belt would be a waist of paper .
A stitch in time saves nine .
Give and take is fair play .
If it jams , force it . . . . If it breaks , it needed replacing
He that sows the wind shall reap the whirlwind .
A fight over love and money would be duel purpose .
I am not young enough to know everything .
' ' I wonder where the next character is going to appear , ' ' said Tom with a cursory glance .
Shh ! Be vewy qwiet ! I am hunting wuntime ewwows !
He doesn ' t talk much does he ? He ' s just a little horse .
I always had wanted to know how ships really worked , and now I finally was going to sea .
Where there is a will , there is a way .
He who takes credit for rain will be blamed for drought .
When some people open their mouth they put their feat in .
' ' This is the most common language used on micros , ' ' said Tom basically .
When a cow laughs , does milk come up its nose ?
Someone who attempts long distance fraud is known as a phony .
I have eight children , said Tom , apparently .
The killer followed the psychopath into the forest where he was surrounded by the copse .
Faith doesn ’ t fall apart at the seems
That gas pump must be sick . It doesn ' t fill well .
People who hate the marines are rotten to the corps .
They owed me a lot of money for the new house - I billed them .
Even covered in salad dressing my lettuce looked bare , so I put some cloves on it .
You never know what you can do until you try .
Dairy Queen is not the only place with awesome Sundays : )
I love beagles , Tom dogmatized .
Baseball players have to stay in line or they will be afoul of the rules .
OLD BASEBALL PLAYERS never die , they just go batty .
The stink bomb tossed at the standup comics ' convention quickly emptied the place out ; when the smoke cleared , not a wit of them remained .
Keep your mouth shut and your eyes open .
Cleopatra was the Pharaohs one of all .
Time flies when you are having fun .
I need to clear my throat , said Tom phlegmatically .
OLD HORSE STABLES do die but they can always be barn again
Two wrongs do not make a right .
Be a friend to thyself , and others will befriend thee .
The man loved a good play on words but his wife could not stand the punishment .
' ' I visit my parents every Sunday , ' ' said Tom weakly .
Environmentalist : expert in computer operating systems .
Marine biologists never make mistakes on porpoise .
I met some cult members who worshiped soup serving utensils . I said , ' Oh ye of ladle faith . '
I heard Einstein got along well with his parents . . . relatively speaking .
The salt said ' hi ' to the pepper . It was seasonings greetings .
You decide what kind of light bulbs to buy by a process of illumination .
How can you be so deaf with those huge ears ?
If an actress has a screaming role , can we say she eeks out a living ?
The cartoon animator felt imprisoned by his job . He could not free himself from his cel .
When I asked him whether we ought to climb the steep hill , he started up the incline and , in ascent , said , ' ' Yes . ' '
I want to buy that big diamond , Tom said hopefully .
He only knew how to drive a fork lift in reverse . He was the backup man .
A problem can be found for almost every solution .
The bicycle salesman had broken his ankle and was , alas , unable to pedal his wares .
Yes , I have read Gulliver ' s Travels , said Tom swiftly .
As anyone who has ever lived in the area can tell you , life is different in Montana . Since golf courses are often placed in areas ideal for hunting , most golfers carry a hunting rifle in their golf bag and when the opportunity presents itself combine their two favorite pastimes . Recently one such sportsman got lost and had to stop for directions asking , ' ' Which way to the lynx . ' '
He gave up playing chess , and went on to a checkered career .
I had such a bad cold , I thought I was coffin to death .
What ' s the name of that street in Paris ? asked Tom ruefully .
Noah was not the first off the ark . He came forth .
Desk : A very large wastebasket with drawers .
Can you read music ? the bandleader asked notably .
Girlfriend pregnant : ( I ) gnore ( R ) etry ( A ) bort ?
Tying up a circle may take a lot of chords .
A chicken farmer ' s favorite car is a coupe .
OLD BRIDGE PLAYERS never die , they just sit around on their fat aces .
Aliens are lovable because they ' re so spatial .
' Sweeney Todd ' is a good source of sheer terror .
' ' There is no need for silence , ' ' Tom allowed .
' ' You must be my host , ' ' Tom guessed .
It was such a big piece of gold , he did not know what to assay .
' ' ' ' said Tom blankly .
When bottled water is cheap it is called a liquidation sale .
Waiter , there is a fly in my soup ! ' ' No , sir , that is an essential bee vitamin . ' '
I will clean the chimney , said Tom , fluently
Most samurai refused to shave . They were bushi .
Finding all possible logical relations between a finite collection of sets is not a matter of If but Venn .
For the love of money is a root of all kinds of evil .
What goes around comes around .
My dog swallowed my engagement ring . I ended up with a diamond in the ruff .
Nearing the end of his sentence , the convicted Wall Street wizard , feeling both oddly safe in his spartan confinement but not quite penitent for his overzealous trading misdeeds , feared and anticipated his release , nightly dreaming of his long cherished hard sell .
Second thoughts are the best .
When I first tried the new cough syrup , I really had no idea what to expectorate .
Sign over the librarian ' s desk : No talking aloud .
My name is Rex . I own a junk yard .
An architect knows how to make a long storey short .
My grandmother learned grammar by wrote .
A cat that swallowed a ball of wool had mittens .
The concession stand at the circus had very good coffee . It was the greatest joe on earth .
Sign : ' Please turn out the lights . Thanks a watt . '
The shoemaker did not deny his apprentice anything he needed . He gave his awl .
The undersized and timorous knight , armed only with an aluminum sword , lacked the adequate metal to face the ferocious dragon .
My wife is a fine cook , plus a great algebra teacher , she is quite famous for her pi .
Today a truck hit my car . I was not hurt but I got the freight of my life .
Absent the fungus , the story had no morel
It takes a village to raise a child .
The best defence is a good offence .
We aren not surrounded . We ' re in a target - rich environment .
' ' I have struck oil ! ' ' said Tom crudely .
I get my large circumference from too much pi .
This is some pretty good tapioca . That ' s one way of pudding it .
Our greatest glory is not in never falling but in rising every time we fall .
Kentucky Fried Chicken , looking to expand into the area of low - fat dining alternatives , has begun selling popcorn . Their new motto is , ' ' Look for the kernel . ' '
One day my friend asked me , how do you take such good care of your saxophone . I responded with tenor , love and care .
A reformed arsonist was in confession . He began , ' ' Bless me Father for I have singed . ' '
" I never met a chocolate I did not like . " - - Deanna Troi
The road to hell is paved with good intentions .
' ' I won ' t finish in fifth place , ' ' Tom held forth .
Old genealogists never die , they just lose their census .
I would love to , but my uncle escaped again .
At the Oktoberfest the sauerbrauten was very good , even though I had been expecting the wurst .
A bacteria walked into a bar and the bartender said , ' We do not serve bacteria in this place . ' The bacteria said , ' But I work here , I am staph . '
Try our Sundays , they ’ re better than Baskin Robbins
Santa goes down the chimney because it soots him .
She was only a Computer Programmer ' s daughter , but she sure liked to byte .
My neighbor ' s sprinkler is a constant irrigation to me .
The dieters vowed to let nothing go to waist .
Communism is a complicated thing . You must think about from all sorts of Engels .
If you are not part of the solution , you are part of the problem .
OLD CHICKEN FARMERS never die , they just end up with a dozen aches .
Honk if you love obscene gestures .
She was only a Glazier ' s daughter , but she was never a pain to me .
I dropped out of my communism class because of lousy Marx .
She said she was not pregnant but contractions speak louder then words .
Fools rush in where angels fear to tread .
During my trip to Italy , I did not do much . I just vegged out . When in Rome , do as the Romaines .
' I got lost in the streets of Paris , ' he said ruefully .
What do you call Peruvian Rorschach tests ? Inca Blots .
Alcohol and calculus do not mix so do not drink and derive .
Truth seeks no corners .
Seen the new Clinton watch ? Only $ 5 . 95 . $ 54 . 95 with tax .
The steward refused to swallow the harsh whine of the petulant cabernet peddler .
We ' ve taken over the government , Tom cooed
' ' It is become much bigger , ' ' said Tom with a groan .
My name is Otto . I am a car mechanic .
A logger went to his doctor because of a problem with the lumbar .
' ' Are you all governors ? ' ' Tom asked , bored .
Have a cold ? Let me introduce you to Doc Jack Kevorkian .
A chaplain on the sea leads the soldiers in their warship .
A good surgeon has an eagle ' s eye , a lion ' s heart , and a lady ' s hand .
When asked by her co - workers whether they should bring a gift to her birthday party , Mary replied , ' ' You should know that all I am interested in is your presence . ' '
I keep reading ' The Lord of the Rings ' over and over . I guess it is just force of hobbit .
' ' Give me a haircut , ' ' Tom said barbarously .
Give me some pre - packed cheese slices , said Tom craftily .
My name is Tellie . A gossip columnist
Confidence begets confidence .
Betty Crocker was a flour child .
She was only a Coal dealer ' s daughter , but , oh , where she had bin .
He had need rise early who would please everybody .
Tired well worn expressions need to be phrased out of the language .
OLD SAUSAGE MAKERS never die , they just take a turn for the wurst .
He rose through the ranks of the International Corn Growers association , eventually becoming a kernel .
A scientist who wanted a tattoo got a skin graph .
Balls ! Tom said roundly .
My friends call me Mesa because of my big butte .
c - h - r - c - h , were missing u
My name is Neal . I lead prayer groups .
Maybe I should cut the power before I - - ZZZAAPPOWWWWWW
Mind like a steel trap - rusted shut !
Nothing can compare to picnicking on a French hillside and savoring the bries .
OLD DAIRY FARMERS never die , they just go to the udder place .
I would love to , but my favorite commercial is on TV .
Common fame is often to blame .
She must be wearing mink , Tom inferred .
' ' I have got sand in my dinner , ' ' said Tom grittily .
Westinghouse stopped everything . . . he needed the brake .
A six foot poet stanza very tall .
OLD HELSINKI TOURISTS never die , they just vanish into Finn air .
The only stupid question is the one that is not asked .
When you use glue in class it paste to be careful .
When the King asked the fool for a joke the fool just shrugged . He was the court gesture .
I did not want to buy leather shoes , but eventually I was suede .
It is a long lane that has no turning .
A kangaroo that cannot jump is completely hopless .
Reported sightings of the abominable snowman are yeti to be confirmed .
Insulting an East Indian chef will bring you bad Korma .
When the cat is away , the mice will play .
' ' I would like to eat seventeen cakes , ' ' Tom agreed .
The mathematics professor , lamenting his students ' lackadaisical approach to trigonometry , sighed , ' ' It is a sine of the times . ' '
There was a guy who played the organ in his garden to get organically grown food .
At a pet store : ' buy one dog , get one flea ' .
The other day I held the door open for a clown . I thought it was a nice jester .
Men leap over where the hedge is lower .
A candle loses nothing by lighting another candle .
My name is Gil . I am a fisherman .
A fisherman hated fish and chips but he did not tell a sole .
Where vice goes before , vengeance follows after .
A letter carrier career is a mail dominated profession .
Acid absorbs 10 times its weight in excess reality .
Her eyes were wide with longing as she peered into the Dunkin ' Donuts box and ate the last doughnut whole .
If the theists all shut up , the gods would be speechless .
Do not have too many irons in the fire .
He drove his car until the day of wreckoning .
I flunked my exam , said Tom , testily .
' ' Another plate of seafood for me ! ' ' Tom clamored .
Good blood always shows itself .
' ' Who discovered radium ? ' ' asked Tom curiously .
I am a mathematician , Tom added summarily .
Much is expected where much is given .
True Multitasking = 3 PCs and a chair with wheels !
A nod ' s as good as a wink to a blind horse .
My name is Nat . I am an entomologist .
Actions speak louder than words .
If two wrongs do not make a right , try three .
King Arthur really knew how to deal with the sworded truth .
When I was starving to death , my children gave me a raisin to keep on living .
There is nothing new under the sun .
A still tongue makes a wise head .
The lamb was cold because he lost his muttons .
If you have no enemies it is a sign that fortune has forgotten you .
The magician got so mad he pulled his hare out .
I am not a crook , Nixon said resignedly .
I cannot budge this huge box ! ' ' I exclaimed . ' ' Of course not , ' ' the office supply warehouse clerk replied , ' ' it is stationery . ' ' .
My investments are worth more every day , said Tom appreciatively .
When the bad poet stood in front of the judge , the judge thought the punishment should fit the rhyme .
I am the Marlboro Man of Borg . I ( cough ) will assim - ( choke , wheeze ) . .
Early to bed and early to rise , makes a man healthy , wealthy and wise .
She dumped him because of all their lousy dates . After all , whining and dining does get tiresome after a while .
Il se muove , said Galileo , movingly
Laws catch flies , but lets hornets go free .
' ' Nobody has scored yet in the tennis game , ' ' said Tom lovingly .
When walking through a pig barn be careful how you maneuver .
In middle east outdoor markets you can find bazaar items for sale .
' ' Stop , horse ! Stop ! ' ' cried Tom woefully .
Insanity is just a state of mind .
Truth gives a short answer , lies go round about .
Know thyself .
Do you play the guitar ? , Tom asked callously .
A miss by an inch is a miss by a mile .
Light at end of tunnel temporarily out of order .
I was studying in an apiary class . This resulted in me receiving a bee on my exam .
She was only a Quarryman ' s daughter , but she took everything for granite .
A doctor who fell on his funny bone had a nurse tell him it was a humerus incident .
He that will thrive must first ask his wife .
There are a lot of bakeries on the yeast coast .
Lead by example .
OLD PACIFISTS never die they just go to peaces .
The candle - making machine broke down when someone threw a spanner in the wax .
Computers at breakfast food companies use serial i / o .
How does a Welsh man eat cheese ? Caerphilly .
Thieves have muscles of steal .
If they say you look good in glasses that would be an optical allusion .
If I am afraid of losing my fat tissue . My psychiatrist told me I have an adipose complex .
He was not supposed to eat the pie but he kept pecan at it .
I agreed to watch my neighbor ' s dog , but only if it did not scratch me . It is in the clause .
God never closes one door without opening another .
The first order of priority in hiring math majors is get them to sine on the dotted line
If you sup with the devil , use a long spoon .
Good laws have sprung from bad customs .
' Volts ' - the dance you perform after an electric shock .
If intervening was an olympic sport , he ' d win the gold meddle .
When the Pequod with its crew went down , Ishmael remembered , a great wail came up from the sea .
Those who carry too many buckets start feeling pail .
Modern fashion designs are often presented with tongue in chic .
Be kind to your dentist because he has fillings too .
The first time wine taster had a blanc stare on his face .
I was given a shampoo and trim by a Pakistani in Liverpool , said Tom in Urdu .
A tongue of a fool carves a piece of his heart to all sit near him .
I am always exhausted by Friday , said Tom weakly .
Coins are mint to be .
OS / 2 VirusScan - " Windows found : Remove it ? [ Y / y ] "
Software Independent : Won ' t work with ANY software .
The bullfighter ' s display of timidity left macho to be desired .
OLD LAWN CARE WORKERS never die , they just recede .
If you are dying to purchase cropland in Thailand , then you ' ve baht the farm .
Have another soft drink , Tom coaxed .
I do not like hanging out at the pancake house , that place gives me the crepes !
If you love somebody , let them go , for if they return , they were always yours . And if they do not , they never were .
Example is better than correction .
You cannot trust a tiger . You never know when he might be lion .
My name is Bette , I am a gambler
What everybody says must be true .
Make haste slowly .
85 % of all statistics are made up on the spot .
I heard about this new governing document that says people can only go to the bathroom one per day . It is called the Constipation .
Fight Truth Decay … Study The Bible Daily
OLD DIVERS never die , they just get board .
Advisers run no risks .
My shins are well protected , Tom grieved .
' ' Another work week begins , ' ' said Tom mundanely .
Bees make money by celling their honey .
A bunch of robins followed the priest wherever he went . Birds of a father flock together .
Marry in haste , and repent at leisure .
Away goes the devil if he finds the door shut against him .
OLD PROGRAMMERS never die , they just byte it .
' ' It is made the grass wet , ' ' said Tom after due consideration .
The math teacher was a good dancer - he had algorithm .
' ' That ' s nothing ! ' ' said Tom naughtily .
OLD ELVIS IMPERSONATORS never die , they just get out of sequins .
Do not cross a bridge before you come to it .
Live long and prosper . . . But do not let the IRS know .
Did you hear about the film editor at Hollywood who had a part - time job at a pizza parlor ? He used to ask customers whether they wanted one splice or two .
The male pig puts everyone to sleep . You could say he ' s quite the boar .
Having a rude waiter at an Ethiopian restaurant just adds insult to injera .
When the pig is proffered , hold up the poke .
A little knowledge is a dangerous thing .
The suspect ' Sheppard ' was finally taken into custody after authorities caught him on the lam .
If a Monk throws a hissy fit , is it a temple tantrum ?
They tried to save him with an I . V . but it was all in vein .
The editor inserted a caret in the recipe .
Joy shared , joy doubled : sorrow shared , sorrow halved .
' ' Cosign here , ' ' read the first instruction on the trigonometry placement exam .
Throughout the centuries , the Buddhist herdsmen of Peru have followed their lamas religiously .
After coming to work and play musicians come home suite home .
He is my friend that succoreth me , not he that pitieth me .
There is a Sin dividing line between heaven and hell .
When old story tellers die they are mythed .
Repetition is the mother of memory .
When people first heard of the ABS , it was braking news .
Procrastinators suffers from a hardening of the oughteries .
OLD SLAVS never die , they just czech out .
Circular Definition : see Definition , Circular .
A gossip is someone with a great sense of rumor .
She was only a Poet ' s daughter , but I have seen verse .
Catch not at the shadow and lose the substance .
' ' You won the bronze , ' ' said Tom meddlingly .
Our friends are our mirrors and show us ourselves .
My name is Mary . I am a justice of the peace .
Nature is beyond all teaching .
The humorist ' s favorite sandwich was smoked tongue on wry .
Why did the pig quit running the marathon ? He had a problem with his hamstring .
' ' A dog bit me , ' ' said Tom rabidly .
Carmen is my favorite opera , said Tom busily .
The Arab ' s opulence was obvious from his chic clothing . ' '
OLD HYPOCHONDRIACS never die they just lose their grippe .
Next time you wave , use ALL of your fingers ! !
Waiting for her photos to be developed a young girl sang ' Some day my prints will come . '
I really regretted the inconsiderate comment I made . It was rued .
The eight chicken farmers jumped in their rowing shell and put their cox up in front .
The sun was bright on a dry , cloudless morning , but later it waned .
A son is a son ' till he gets him a wife ; a daughter ' s a daughter all her life .
Avoid evil and it will avoid thee .
A baker stopped making donuts after he got tired of the hole thing .
A baker always put too much flour in his bread because he was a gluten for punishment .
Remembering the Mongol leader ' s reputation for chicanery , Marco Polo approached the palace of the khan warily .
Anxious about the future ? Psalms read every Sunday .
After Jimmy swallowed a live earthworm , he sat waiting with baited breath to see if he ' d get sick .
I used to enjoy kabuki theatre , but now I prefer noh drama .
Romance is not a science - it is a heart .
The marine biology seminars weren ' t for entertainment , but were created for educational porpoises .
' ' How do you start a model - T Ford without a battery ? ' ' asked Tom crankily .
My chronically runny - nosed friend , who staunchly opposes all independent emirates , was bothered by catarrh on his trip around the world .
The first scientists who studied fog were mistified .
paranoia : believing this tagline is about you .
Well begun is half done .
Will this computer last five years ? Obsoletely !
A bird in the hand is a big mistake .
I do not recommend dating bridge builders , they have truss issues .
A massage therapist kneaded new customers .
The geneticist taught his students how to mendel defective genes .
Fortune favors the brave .
I pricked my finger badly while trying to find a needle in my wife ' s sewing box . It was a crewel turn of events .
' ' I can no longer hear anything , ' ' said Tom deftly .
Farmers can hardly wheat for a good harvest .
The Egyptian cinema usherette sold religious icons in the daytime . Sometimes she got confused and called out , ' Get your choc isis here ! '
Everyone ' s business is no one ' s business .
Have you ever been whitewater rafting ? Tom asked rapidly .
Bank Rule : To get a loan , first prove you do not need it .
Good men are hard to find .
An explosion at the meat packing plant caused quite a meatier shower .
He that waits on another man ' s trencher , makes many a late dinner .
Look after the pennies and the pounds will look after themselves .
A good name is the best of all treasures .
Out of small acorns grow mighty oaks .
' ' Do you buy and sell stolen goods ? ' ' asked Tom offensively .
That ' s no beagle ; that is a mongrel , Tom muttered .
An argument over puppy selection is a pique of the litter .
To heir is human .
That the obstetrician ' s services were needed on the train was an accident of berth .
People in Switzerland cannot learn to ski without a lot of alp .
Your nose is in the scenter of your face .
A fool is ever laughing .
A pun is its own reword .
The nuclear physicist took a vacation for a fission trip .
' ' Those cobs are amazing ! ' ' said Tom cornily .
How do you keep a turkey in suspense ?
Time flies when you ’ re following the son
OLD KINGS never die they just get throne away
It is a cracked pitcher that goes longest to the well .
' ' It is a unit of electric current , ' ' said Tom amply .
It is easier to ask forgiveness than permission .
" All my hidden skills are undiscovered . " - Clinton
When the fog burns off it won ' t be mist .
A fisherman took pain pills because of a persistent haddock .
OLD PROSTITUTES never die , they just fake away
The word ' ovine ' means just like ewe .
Many people are strongly attracted to a magnate .
Two things prolong your life : A quiet heart and a loving wife .
The diners were fully sated , unaware that the wurst was yet to come .
Epitaph on a gravestone : Cheerio , see you soon .
Local Area Network in Australia : the LAN down under .
A second chimney is superfluous .
A lawyer ' s opinion is worth nothing unless paid for .
I like hot fudge sauce , but never on sundays .
Tact is for weenies .
hAS ANYONE SEEN MY cAPSLOCK KEY ? ?
George Westinghouse was a refrigerator magnate .
Sin and bear it
I am a great opera singer , said Tom , being callous .
Ever since my mineral extraction facility was converted to parking , I have had a lot on my mine .
Another batch of shells for me ! Tom clamored .
Yes , I have been reading Voltaire , Tom admitted candidly .
If you want to buy a hose you might go on a shopping spray .
Kill your darlings .
A frightened bird dog that runs from everything is known as the Golden Retreater .
She thought it was a real horse , but it was a phony .
The Belly Dancer was popular with sailors because she understood navel maneuvers .
A man threatened to jump off the side of a building - alledgedly .
The evil onion had many lairs .
The Loch Ness monster eats fish and ships .
As you make your bed , so you will sleep on it .
Things working well , no problems . Time to upgrade .
No book was so bad , but some good might be got out of it .
" Please return stewardess to original upright position "
No man is an island .
' ' I think I will use a different font , ' ' said Tom boldly .
Well I will be an SOB ! Tom said doggedly .
OLD WEATHERMEN never die , they reign forever .
I knew that the spirit could not float around very long . What ghost up must come down .
What is a duck ' s favorite game to play ? Billiards .
Every silver lining has a cloud around it .
The store clerk lost his job , so he set up a kiosk in the mall to vend for himself .
Would you like some soda in your whiskey ? asked Tom caustically .
He who hesitates is bossed .
You should always use basil the day you buy it - as they say , herb today , gone tomorrow .
OLD HAIRDRESSERS never die , they just braid away . .
I was kicked out of math class for one too many infractions .
Some orchestra conductors make their mark in the world of opera . They were in the right aria at the right time .
Astronauts like to do launch .
Chop up an old piano and you will get a cord of wood .
The poet had written better poems , but he ' d also written verse .
OLD DIETICIANS never die , they just waist away
At a flower show the first prize is often a bloom ribbon .
A dying artist painted himself into a coroner .
My name is Shelly , I am an expert on mollusks
In War of the Worlds , humans survived the attack because of their unalienable right to life .
' ' I teach at a university , ' ' Tom professed .
Set a thief to catch a thief .
Cottage cheese diet : eating your curds and weigh .
Some people make big pottery items to urn a living .
I will eat till I burst , Tom agreed .
In for a penny in for a pound .
My name is Doug , I am a grave digger
The IRS left a message on my cell phone that I owed them more money . It was a taxed message .
This steamroller really works , said Tom flatteringly .
Taglines : the toilet - stall walls of BBSdom .
Crows will not pick out crows eyes .
Tweety of Borg : I tawt I attimilated a Puddy Tat !
Eat your own dog food .
On cooking shows , there is little margarine of error .
Sign on the door of an internet hacker . ' Gone Phishing ' .
The sweep got stuck in a cold chimney , which collapsed . He came down with the flue .
If wishes were fishes , we ' d all cast nets .
A third - generation clothes designer had it in her jeans .
One Sunday afternoon the Three Musketeers played a game of touché football .
The celebration of the royal wedding progressed well into the night . As he stumbled outside to await his ride home one inebriated nobleman , attracted by the bright lights , made his way to the theater district and sat down below one of the brightly illuminated theater signs to await his car . The driver , unfamiliar with both the nobleman and the area , was instructed to look for a well - lit marquis .
A chicken crossing the road is poultry in motion .
I have inherited a fortune , said Tom , willfully
I have made up my mind to re - lay my lawn . It was a turf decision .
Did you hear about the vampire who used to torture his victims with music ? His Bach was worse than his bite .
One item contributed was a picture of a pretty , kimono - clad girl ; it bore the inscription : ' ' Maid in Japan ' ' .
The more things change , the more they stay the same .
The white beets were returned to the produce supplier because they were chard beyond recognition .
Yea , I am a pacifist . Wanna make somethin ' of it , bub ?
I met a man who loves eating couches . I think he has a suite tooth .
I have always wanted to hand out carts at Wal - Mart . I cannot imagine a greeter job .
The port was very beautiful . The sailors said it was haven on earth .
Without temptation there is no victory .
' ' The policeman charged me twenty bucks for speeding , ' ' said Tom finally .
You are telling me that is an alligator ? That ' s a croc !
' ' This is mutiny ! ' ' said Tom bountifully .
' ' I need an injection , ' ' Tom pleaded in vain .
Inflammatory talk is often seen as propane language .
' ' Rowing hurts my hands , ' ' said Tom callously .
I want you in the navy , said Tom impressively .
On organic farms they till it like it is .
Of all the people I have met , you are certainly one of ' em .
Kinky : Using A Feather . Sick : Using The Whole Chicken
She was only a Horseman ' s daughter , but she did not know how to say neigh .
When it comes to drinks , citrus fruit juices are always in the limelight .
We believe in separation of church and hate
OLD FISHERMEN never die , they just get reel tired .
The wolf finds a reason for taking the lamb .
To find bargains go where the auction is .
The veterinarian had a great deal of trouble getting his dog to heel .
From those to whom much is given , much is expected .
He owned a fish farm until he poured out his sole .
I was fixated on the pain in my bad tooth . I was abscessed by it .
Answers : $ 1 . Correct answers : $ 5 . Dumb looks : Free !
My name is Stu . I also cook .
The whistling fisherman was always out of tuna .
The editor received his award with sheer delete .
My name is Abbie . I am a Mother Superior .
The soup was so bad it was gruel and unusual punishment .
A band of teenagers cruised past my neighbor ' s house and pelted it with rotten tomatoes . Police described it as a drive - by fruiting .
The accountant enjoyed the job , figuratively speaking .
Jesus is more precious than silver or golf .
Scaldophobia : Fear the toilet will flush while showering .
I wouldn ' t marry you if you were the only woman on earth , said Tom evenly .
Great events cast their shadows before them .
Why was six afraid of seven ? Because seven eight nine .
My name is Dustin . I am a school custodian
' ' Who ' s your favorite operatic tenor ? ' ' Tom asked placidly .
How do bunnies that do not have a car commute to work ? The Rabbit Transit .
The Ennui Society elected a new chairman of the bored .
When I suffered a groin injury I became quite testy .
The other animals shunned the kangaroo . They treated him like a leaper .
A man sprayed a boy with ceiling foam . He was arrested for insulating behavior .
She was listening for a Russell while walking through the trees .
Some women stay single and others are the Marion kind .
Looting a drugstore is called Pillaging .
You should lock up your wine in a cabernet .
When Caesar entered the Senate all hail broke loose .
The book about Teflon contained no frictional characters .
I am not sure about Heisenberg , said Tom uncertainly .
Should old people feel youthless ?
The old doctors practice of bloodletting was all in vein .
My name is Cary . I am a porter .
' ' You resemble a goat , ' ' said Tom satirically .
An offer of a free lunch was not enough to entice Freud to make a presentation at a Behaviourist Convention . He explained , ' There was nothing on the menu that was oedipal . '
' ' I am going after that red fish , ' ' said Tom erringly .
Those who drink too much at night have to worry about the mourning after .
If love is blind , lingerie makes great braille .
Scrambling for cover amid the chaos caused by the rebel forces ' attack and the ' ' coincidental ' ' breakout of the zoo animals , I stumbled into the face of a hostile guerrilla !
Baseball on a foggy day is all about hit and mist .
I have been called a rare commodity . I wonder if that makes me silver or gold ? I guess I could be either ore .
When Martha Stewart was on trial , New York Times columnist Clyde Haberman reported on her arrival at the courthouse , where a group of supporters had assembled to greet her . ' ' They included a man in a chef ' s hat who stood with the others behind a metal barrier — one toque over the line . ' '
To keep someone from stealing your shipments of smoked salmon , secure them with lox .
' ' The door ' s ajar , ' ' said Tom openly .
Need soul repair ? Walk right in .
Less is more .
Have a ride in my new ambulance , said Tom hospitably .
Some people , asked what they thought had caused the recent flooding in our valley , pointed to a concrete wall in the distance and said it was this damn thing .
Give a dog a bad name and he ' ll live up to it .
I walked into this posh restaurant , the prices were extortionate , it was daylight snobbery .
The church needs to be souled .
A surgery nurse was demoted for being absent without gauze .
Those who live beyond their means should act their wage .
He could not sell his pirate ship because it was unassailable .
Wow , thanks for the tea . I am glad I got to Chai it .
OLD SCHOOL SUPERINTENDENTS never die , they just lose their principals .
Did you hear about the herb who was an all round great guy , did loads of charity work and was always there to help ? He was a Tarragon Of Virtue .
Sweet potatoes ? I yam impressed !
OLD BATHING BEAUTIES never die , they just wade away .
One should be cherry of virgins .
' We ' ve run out of lemons ' , she said bitterly .
The anesthesiologist ' s computer has an ethernet connection .
She did not marry the gardener . Too rough around the hedges .
Issue of first day cover almost ended in a stampede .
They were married by candle - light , but the marriage lasted only a wick .
A short cut is the longest distance between two points .
The Turkish soldier refused to eat cottage cheese , because he did not trust the kurds
The astronomer ' s research project did not win him the coveted Galaxy Award , but he did receive a constellation prize .
How do they get the deer to cross at the signs ?
Never ask pardon before you are accused .
Getting into the skunk selling business might make a lot of scents .
Seven days without a pun makes one weak .
In the land of the blind , the one - eyed man is king .
Wealth rarely brings happiness .
Fair play ' s a jewel .
" Oops . " - - Richard Nixon
Just pew it
Epitaphs are engraved !
That soil scientist always travels by himself . He ' s a loam ranger .
' ' I cannot march any more ! ' ' the soldier called haltingly .
If you spend too much time in the coffee shop you ' ll be latte for work .
Do you know if they ever got detective Sam spayed .
Some doting parents are son worshipers .
The optical scientist who stole his colleague ' s bifocals was sentenced to three years in a state prism .
' ' This boat is leaking , ' ' said Tom balefully .
Virtue which parleys is near a surrender .
But honey , I wouldn ' t be up so late on a faster machine !
Desperate diseases must have desperate remedies .
Forewarned , forearmed .
I am a Soviet agent in England , said Tom bluntly .
' ' Eating uranium makes me feel funny , ' ' said Tom radiantly .
Some people have to get up for work at the crank of dawn .
It is an ill bird that fouls its own nest .
The ballet shoes made a pointe .
If you believe restaurants always overcook steaks , then you probably order them rarely .
You can send me to college , but you cannot make me think .
There are many judges who would like to acquit smoking .
A church fair is a bazaar experience .
The tired playgoers decided to bypass the new production of ' ' Othello ' ' despite the good reviews ; having just returned from a long trip , they did not feel like seeing any moor of Venice .
On Independence day , may the fourth be with you .
A good marriage outlasts the first box of dental floss .
They are not answering - we ' d better try the knocker , said Tom adoringly .
We now return to your previously - scheduled topics .
Go ahead , correct my typos . I will make more .
The world is coming to an end . Please log off properly .
A pet store had a bird contest with no perches necessary .
Safety goggles were invented by a peripheral visionary .
A swan ' s favorite salad is Cobb salad .
At shearing time there are some sheep thrills .
Jim : ' Did you hear about the guy who ate twenty pancakes for breakfast ? ' Joe : ' How waffle . '
Our theft of raw gold from the mine site was a fiasco because , as we jumped into the getaway boat , we dropped the ore .
When an Agnostic dies , does he go to the Great Perhaps ?
You are a wicked glutton , Tom insinuated .
I like wool gathering for the shear joy of it .
A store is no sore .
I am going to fix the roof , Tom translated .
The nail that sticks up will be hammered down .
Kill them all ! . . . . Let God sort them out .
The chef took some cheese and made some grate things .
An empty vessel makes much noise .
A rotten apple injures its companions .
A cloth maker ' s daughter told him she was too young to dye .
I was not kissing her , I was whispering in her mouth .
When Jesus entered Jerusalem , people waved palm branches because they were being frondly .
My wife is trying to lose weight but continues to frequent the coffee shops for rich beverages and delicacies . You could say she is making a moccary of her diet .
Death is life ' s way of telling you you ' ve been fired .
If things improve with age , I am nearly MAGNIFICENT !
I plan to work in a cemetery , Tom plotted gravely .
To stay fit the priest exorcises .
Anything good is either illegal , immoral or fattening .
' I agree with you wholeheartedly , ' said the artichoke grower .
She was only a Postman ' s daughter , but she sure knew her males .
French bankers are known for their franc talk .
Mathematicians are sum worshippers .
I was caught studying the periodic table in English class . It was an elementary mistake .
The optician fell into the lens grinding machine and made a spectacle of himself .
A man attempting to walk around the world DROWNED today . .
Junk - stuff we throw away . Stuff - junk we keep .
The ex - lumberjack will be sawly missed .
Undertakers have to get up early in the mourning .
My bid for this contract aims to please , said Tom tenderly .
To stay out of debt , act your wage .
That horse looks like a good bet at 17 to 1 , said Tom oddly .
The best goods are cheapest in the end .
Help stamp out , eliminate , and abolish redundancy !
Rules were meant to be broken .
The stern pirate captain ' s policy of forcing the worst members of his crew to walk the plank went swimmingly .
The magician who loved his chocolate could perform a lot of Twix .
Excuse my driving . . . I am trying to reload .
Did you hear about my friend who hired out vampires and poison , and my other friend who ate children ? Could say the first one was the lessor of two evils .
Vampires are always looking for their necks victim .
From the middle of the Pacific , the shipwrecked survivor found his way to the California coast purely by occident .
We found a dead crow in our front yard but have yet to hear the caws of death .
Runtime Error 6D at 417A : 32CF : Incompetent User .
The trucker was always irritated at an inspection station , it was the weight that bothered him .
Evil begets evil .
Upon discovering the deadly virus carried by Surinamese toads , the herpetologist contemplated how best to protect the pipal .
Lets get married , said Tom engagingly .
New years resolution for the bankrupt gardener was to forget the past and rely on the fuchsia .
Ask me about my vow of silence . . .
I hate Chablis , Tom whined .
If you cannot take the heat , get out of the kitchen .
OLD SCOTSMEN never die , but they can be kilt .
He made so many mistakes that he had an err about him .
When the bottom of a cargo ship got a hole , it had one hull of a problem .
OLD GARDENERS never die , they just spade away .
As a young boy , Brutus ' mother often cautioned him not to run with Caesars .
They took soft drinks off the menu just to sprite people .
Asked by a waiter if she would like a drink the lady replied ' wine not ? '
OLD PRAGUE RESIDENTS never die , they just Czech out .
Number of Vulcans needed to replace a bulb ? Precisely 1 . 000
While baking , I dropped a stick of margarine on the wooden tile floor , and when my neighbor slipped and fell , I said ' ' It must have been the parkay . ' '
Business is business .
If at first you do not succeed , call it Version 1 . 0
Data got into so much trouble , her parents sent her packeting .
If you have nothing to say , please only say it once !
The percussionist was very good at analyzing symbols .
The man put his name on the neck of his shirt so he would have collar ID .
Sick fish go to the sturgeon .
I would like to learn a new card game , Tom said wistfully .
Adam ate the apple , and our teeth still ache .
When the hockey player came home he gave his wife a puck on the cheek .
For children to eat without washing their hands would be a grime .
' ' I have been to a film festival in Southern France , ' ' said Tom cannily .
Praise the day at sunset .
Royal chairs are rarely throne out .
In ancient times , seagoing vessels were much more fuel efficient . They got thousands of miles to the galleon .
When the glazier was sent to the hospital room to check the cracked window , he told the patient in the body cast , ' ' I have come to feel your pane . ' '
' ' I am on social security , ' ' said Tom dolefully .
Did Gregor Mendel ever win the Nobel Peas Prize ?
Mothers everywhere want their children to give peas a chance .
Old sailors never die , they just get a little dinghy .
' ' This is all from memory , ' ' Tom wrote .
Beware programmers carrying screwdrivers .
' ' I have a gift for you , ' ' said Tom presently .
To some Christmas is about other people ' s presence .
Car salesmen compete trying to sell for the lease amount .
The elderly chef retired because his sage was showing .
80 percent of life is showing up .
When a skunk walked in , the judge said , ' odor in the court ' .
When told his design for a stadium was too grandiose , the architect shed a tier .
The bear went over the mountain to see what was bruin .
A bad workman blames his tools .
How do farmers make crop circles ? With a protractor .
Abstinence is a good thing if practiced in moderation
If your mind is clouded or in a fog you may have mist some opportunities .
It was an emotional wedding . Even the cake was in tiers .
Today is the first day of the rest of your life .
I always prayed before my trigonometry tests . I was hoping for a sine from above .
We ' ve taken over the government , the general cooed .
A chemist has discovered a drug that will keep dogs from howling at night . Now , not every dog will have his bay .
Those changing baby diapers sometimes act rashly .
Mourning has broken on Easter Sunday .
A little boy found out from his mother that grime does not pay .
' ' I just bought a woollen sweater , ' ' said Tom sheepishly .
John plans to retire in the spring and , like the trees around us , will be leafing .
He complains wrongfully at the sea that suffer shipwreck twice .
Cryptographers make terrible drummers . They just sit there , fascinated by all the cymbals .
' ' I can tell which way the wind blows , ' ' said Tom vainly .
Do not bite off more than you can chew .
The new smoking cessation drug is expensive , and it is shrinking city coffers .
Rats desert a sinking ship .
Many hands make light work .
When two bakers traded buns they had a roll reversal .
You are not losing more hair , you are gaining more scalp .
Least said , soonest mended .
My friend is moving to Seoul . He thought it would be a good Korea move .
When the head is sick , the whole body is sick .
My name is Barry . I am an undertaker .
My name is Moe , I am a gardener
When asked whether or not I was bilingual , I was about to say I knew sign language , but I figured it was sort of a mute point .
I saw something similar to moss the other day , but I did not know what to lichen it to .
All is fish that comes to the net .
I have a speech impediment . . . my foot .
Talk is cheap - - supply exceeds demand !
My brother told me that serpentine is what you use to get paint off a boa constrictor .
Every little helps .
When I was in my cabin on the ship I got sick . Someone told me once I got to the doc I would feel better .
Bakers trade bread recipes on a knead to know basis .
A pickle maker fell into one of the vats at work . At hospital it was determined he had a brine injury .
I am not spoiled . . . I am not , I am not , I am not !
It is no use crying over spilt milk .
Archaeologists working at night need lots of eon lights .
Beaver rallying cry : ' ' River be dammed ! ' '
Honesty pays , but not enough for some .
Bee keepers always manage to keep buzzy .
A budget helps us live below our yearnings
He laughs best who laughs last .
Punishment is lame but it comes .
Despite the repressive restrictions in force against all of the fine arts , students in Kabul often gathered secretly to listen to band music .
The chaplain got his gown from the army surplice depot .
Some people do not like food going to waist .
My computer is so slow it hertz .
Good wine needs no bush .
I witnessed the attack on the castle and saw the queen ' s robe torn and the king ' s throne under the horses ' feet .
I tried to play the bagpipes , but the sound coming out was off kilter .
' ' Would anyone like some Parmesan ? ' ' asked Tom gratingly .
ADVENTURE : The land between entertainment and panic .
Who falls short in the head must be long in the heels .
Ancient scribes who hired Aztec writers had to make sure the Inca was dry .
I used to think I would hate Italian food , but I finally decided to give pizza a chance .
Shotgun wedding : A case of wife or death .
Chicken farmers will often share a good yolk .
One ear of corn said to the other ' You are getting husky ' .
A bellyful is one of meat , drink , or sorrow .
If you cannot laugh at yourself . . . I will do it for you .
Southerners are quick on the drawl .
After winter , the trees are relieved .
Repartee : An insult wearing a suit and tie .
Greeks cannot stay out late because they have a Corfu .
Never make fun of a Scotsman ' s traditional garb . You could get kilt that way .
I always pray to St . Ignatius , said Tom loyally .
Learning is the eye of the mind .
Cheating on a test can put honorable students in conflict with their principals .
Dollars do best when accompanied by some sense
There was a snake that gave birth to a bouncing baby boa .
After getting pranked by his friends and getting hit with a basket , Aron knew they had a wickerd sense of humour .
In some countries there is a lot of Manuel labor .
The statistician attended the dance stag . He did not have any data .
Why cannot women put the toilet seat back up ?
Old white blood cells lymph around the body .
Happy Halloween ! Tom said gravely .
The weekend reporter sailed through the newscasts while the anchor was aweigh .
A cannibal ' s favourite game is ' swallow the leader ' .
Kings sometimes found that uprisings were a peasant surprise .
Avoid the pleasure which will bite tomorrow .
I felt sick after I ate the scallopini . I did not veal well at all .
I will take that , said Tom appropriately .
When the orchard owner went to trial he was judged by a jury of his pears .
When Plato discovered he was out of food , he decided to go shop at the stoa .
She became a lifeguard at the beach and kept the buoys in line .
Q : What can a goose do , a duck cannot , and a lawyer should ? A : Stick his bill up his ass
' ' I have to fix the car , ' ' said Tom mechanically .
You do not get nothing for nothing .
Church disputes can be settled with canons .
My name is Homer . I am a realter .
' ' What are these berries ? ' ' Tom rasped .
My name is Hugh . I am a painter .
Conscience is a faults alarm .
All cats love fish but hate to get their paws wet .
Idle hands are the devil ' s playthings .
There was a dentist who was convicted of incisor trading .
A hermit drove to town and was charged with recluse driving .
You lamb ! said Tom sheepishly .
I am here - with a gift ! said Tom presently .
If it ain ' t broke , do not fix it .
I love the novels of D . H . Lawrence , said the lady chattily .
The mime wanted to say something , but he was not aloud .
Some foolish people gain by experience many perils of wisdom .
I am Bullwinkle of Borg . Prepare to be pulled out of my hat .
Of course I have backup tapes ! Do you want last years ?
There are none so blind as they who do not want to see .
My name is Derek . I am in the oil rig business .
The gardener brought his hoes .
To become a pilot requires a good altitude .
Treat yourself to one of our Sundays .
Life is short , eat dessert first .
Hospitals that buy in bulk get a valium discount .
' ' I need a pencil sharpener , ' ' said Tom bluntly .
To crack open the walnuts , several officers foolishly pounded them with hand grenades , scattering the colonels everywhere .
Herb gardeners who work extra get thyme and a half .
These are my parents , said Einstein relatively
While the grass grows the steed starves .
The size a dieter would like to get to is the sighs of relief .
Naughtily , Tom said nothing .
She was only a Carpenter ' s daughter , but you should have seen her circular sores !
In a billiard hall life can be pretty rough at the wrong end of the queue .
The pirates buried their treasure in the twinkling of an aye .
The family of bears posing for their family portrait experienced a true Kodiak moment .
' Come see my fishpond ' , she said coyly .
When the goat ate a Scrabble set , the letters came out in alphabetical ordure .
I wonder how much an anagram weighs ?
' ' I do not like this Chardonnay , ' ' Tom whined .
