sweat	They hid from the gunman in a sauna where they could sweat it out .
saving	Wal - Mart isn ' t the only saving place !
sting	Can honeybee abuse lead to a sting operation ?
entrenched	A ditch digger was entrenched in his career .
forge	She was only a Blacksmith ' s daughter , but she knew how to forge ahead .
hit	Did you hear about the new pinata ? It ' s a huge hit .
vault	A bank manager who was also a high jumper spent most of his time in the vault .
deep	A discussion of digging a new mine shaft was too deep for him .
pin	She was suspected of stealing a brooch but they couldn ' t pin it on her .
licked	Once ice cream was invented the problem was licked .
admitted	' ' There ' s room for one more , ' ' Tom admitted .
toasted	They threw a party for the inventor of the toaster . And he was toasted .
manager	If you ' re a gardener you might call yourself a ' plant manager ' .
squares	My advanced geometry class is full of squares .
grave	Jesus changes grave situations . Happy Easter .
outlet	I got angry when my cell phone battery died . My counselor suggested I find an outlet .
draw	A cowboy who was also an artist could draw fast .
snorted	' ' Angel dust ? Me ? Never touch it ! ' ' Tom snorted .
burning	The fire chief was always asked burning questions .
retire	OLD MECHANICS never die they just retire
gut	Some diets cause a gut reaction .
spell	If you leave alphabet soup on the stove and go out , it could spell disaster .
bounce	OLD BUNGEE JUMPERS sometimes die but they can still bounce back
shot	The gunman took a shot at new opportunities .
beach	My name is Sandy , I just hang around the beach .
gushed	I ' ve struck oil ! Tom gushed .
raft	Getting rid of your boat for another could cause a whole raft of problems .
NP	My name is John . I ' m a plumber
coached	' ' Pretend we were in the days before railways , ' ' Tom coached .
NP	OLD STATISTICIANS never die , they just get broken down by age , sex and marital status .
levels	Did you hear about the crime that happened in a parking garage ? It was wrong on so many levels .
space	Two astronauts who were dating put an end to it because they both needed their space .
case	Luggage salespeople have to make a good case for you to buy .
NP	A kettle on the stove was singing ' Home on the Range ' .
parts	Musical mechanics always sing in parts .
focus	Hubble wanted to bring the idea into better focus .
groundbreaking	The decision to begin construction on the Empire State Building was a groundbreaking historical event .
cover	OLD QUILTERS never die , they just go under cover .
taste	When cannibals ate a missionary they got a taste of religion .
fret	OLD GUITARISTS never die , they just fret their lives away
still	One evening King Arthur ' s men discovered Sir Lancelot ' s moonshine whiskey operation and shattered the still of the knight .
lies	He stole an invention and then told patent lies .
see	I made a batch of fish eye soup , it should see me through the week .
foot	When he kicked the invoice , it didn ' t mean he wanted to foot the bill .
bottom	Even though the well was a mystery to her , she didn ' t want to get to the bottom of it .
irrational	Old math teachers never die , they just become irrational .
landing	Careless stair dancers are heading for a heavy landing .
vacate	OLD LOGICIANS never die , they just vacate the premises .
bar	Lawyers have to like alcohol because they ' re always being called to the bar .
bat	Baseball players are expected to perform well right off the bat .
wind	Vines are extremely short - tempered . They snap at the slightest wind .
sprinkles	The man brought an umbrella with him into the ice cream store because he heard there was a chance of sprinkles .
faculties	OLD ACADEMICIANS never die , they just lose their faculties
snappy	Bring me a rubber band and make it snappy !
energy	An electric company is always looking for high energy employees .
quickly	When a thief stole several volumes from the library he was quickly booked .
friends	The inept mathematician couldn ' t count on his friends .
rest	The phone call interrupted my nap , and I never did get the rest .
crunch	When potato chips don ' t sell fast enough , the maker knows it will soon be crunch time .
spouted	Save the whales , spouted Tom .
boot	OLD HIKERS never die they just get the boot .
Sunday	Come in for a free makeover this Sunday
rejoined	Superglue ! Tom rejoined .
corrected	Admitting a mistake : ' ' Like the orthopedist ' s patient , I stand corrected . ' '
records	For every 45 I collected , I would write down the song and the artist so I could keep records .
answer	' ' There , there , ' ' was Tom ' s pat answer .
match	A contest held by fire fighters is called a ' match ' .
hell	No one chills out in the fires of hell .
root	A lot of trees were dying , but they needed to figure out the root of the problem .
die	OLD PILOTS never die , they just get more turbulent .
manager	A guy became so good with a chainsaw that he was promoted to branch manager .
blow	Don ' t argue with a bomb inventor - he might blow up at you .
knees	Don’t let adversity get you down unless you are on your knees
box	She was only a Wrestler ' s daughter , but you oughtta see her box . .
unhinged	OLD DOOR FRAMERS never die , they just become unhinged .
racket	I was against the construction of tennis courts in the park as I thought they would cause too much racket .
croaked	I ' m dying , Tom croaked .
picking	In a recession , the most secure job is garbage - man . Business is always picking up .
flier	Wilbur Wright said he ' d take a flier on it .
fee	A man brought his retriever to the vet for some tests and had to pay a lab fee .
game	They replaced the baseball with an orange to add zest to the game .
job	If you operate a drill press you have a boring job .
rut	Figure skaters don ' t like to be in a rut .
months	A thief who stole a calendar got twelve months .
type	OLD PRINTERS never die they ' re just not the type
cue	A play , based on billiards , started right on cue .
potty	My father slept under the bed , I think he was a little potty .
grind	Is coffee your daily grind ?
Alarming	Some people find fire drills quite Alarming .
differentiate	Old math profs never die , they just can ' t differentiate .
see	The inventor of glass decided to see it through .
possessive	A noun and a verb were dating but they broke up because the noun was too possessive .
NP	Hell ! . . . I’d forgotten about that !
curves	She was only a Pitcher ' s daughter , but you should have seen her curves .
pitch	A baseball player can sell himself to a new team if he has a good pitch .
bristled	' ' Use your own toothbrush ! ' ' Tom bristled .
Bill	My name is Bill . I run a collection agency
dough	OLD BAKERS never die , they just stop making lots of dough .
age	The couple grew fruit trees and lived to a ripe old age .
drain	The plumber had to quit his job because it was too much of a drain .
calculus	Finding area is an integral part of calculus .
pitch	If you sing while playing baseball , you won ' t get a good pitch .
dole	OLD PINEAPPLE GROWERS never die , they just get on the dole .
General	Some commands given by the army are specific , others are General .
stable	If a horse could predict the weather , it would probably say that the weather is stable .
warm	She was only a Weatherman ' ' s daughter , but she sure had a warm front .
derailed	OLD LOCOMOTIVE ENGINEERS , never die , they just get derailed
shots	A doctor who became a bartender was always giving out shots !
die	OLD STATISTICIANS never die , they just average out .
show	A little boy fired his light - colored crayons because they wouldn ' t show up .
register	With certain cashiers , things are slow to register .
lose	OLD ELECTRICIANS never die they just lose contact .
might	' ' Perhaps I will , ' ' said Tom with all his might .
material	The comedian stopped at the fabric store on his way to a comedy gig . He was looking for new material .
taxi	- Call me a taxi . - OK , you ' re a taxi .
pawn	Someone who sells old chess pieces is a pawn broker .
bombshell	The model who joined the air force was a bombshell .
pipe	OLD PLUMBERS never die , they just pipe down .
fly	The surgeon really did not know how to perform quick surgeries on insects , but he did one on the fly .
mean	OLD STATISTICIANS never die , they just get mean .
hoot	We went to the owls convention and it was a real hoot .
deflowered	OLD GARDENERS never die they are just deflowered .
vent	In the air duct installers union they have lots of opportunity to vent .
cut	He and his partner made knives , and they shared a cut .
steal	A baseball player was a thief . He was always trying to steal .
splitting	The fault line had a splitting headache .
die	OLD DIVERS never die , they just flop .
stage	For a while , Houdini used a lot of trap doors in his act , but he was just going through a stage .
veins	OLD MINERS never die , they just lose their veins .
tender	Animals are slaughtered for meat at a tender age .
mail	' ' I make the armour out of chain links , ' ' Tom replied by mail .
blast	He became an astronaut and had a blast .
swept	A janitor with a broom in hand swept her off her feet .
clicked	I couldn ' t figure out how to fasten my seatbelt . Then it clicked .
focus	OLD PHOTOGRAPHERS never die , they just lose their focus .
net	The trapeze artist had to buy his own safety equipment . Every Friday he drew his net wages .
cavity	Dentists on death fill their last cavity .
work	Math class is full of drama . There are so many problems to work out .
bone	Her exam was on the human skeleton , so she decided to bone up .
chicken	The first duck wouldn ' t go in the water . The other duck said ' ' What are you , chicken ? ' ' .
drive	To golf at your favorite course may require a long drive .
identities	OLD TRIGONOMETRY TEACHERS never die , they just lose their identities .
bounce	She was only a Catcher ' s daughter , but she had many balls bounce off her chin .
NP	Jesus did the only extreme world makeover , the flood
point	I took up teaching fencing as I wanted my students to get the point .
shorts	Sign on an electrician ' s truck : Let us remove your shorts .
NP	I like marching songs , in any month .
recounted	' ' I couldn ' t believe there were 527 , 986 bees in the swarm ! ' ' Tom recounted .
hitch	Our Boy Scouts ' knot - tying class went off without a hitch .
NP	I used to have a fear of hurdles , but I got over it .
pop	A group called the Balloons sings pop music .
remarked	' ' I have to check the score on this exam again , ' ' Tom remarked .
rakes	She was only a Gardener ' s daughter , but she knows all the rakes .
Combination	A locksmith has to have a good Combination of skills .
arms	The teacher asked a question and the students were all up in arms .
lot	She was only a Real estate agent ' ' s daughter , but she gave a lot away .
flies	When you ' re wearing a watch on an airplane , time flies .
functioned	The mathematician worked at home because he only functioned in his domain .
legs	I couldn ' t stand to be without my legs .
dough	Old bakers never die , they just keep making lots of dough .
problem	In equations with square numbers I can never find the root of the problem .
right	Did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off ? He ' s all right now .
places	Airline pilots make many friends in high places .
still	OLD MOONSHINERS never die , they just keep still .
cut	His business plan to manufacture scissors just didn ' t cut it .
work	The carpenter was well - known for nailing his work .
get	Salespeople selling security equipment like to see people get alarmed .
around	She was only a Globetrotter ' s daughter , but she manages to get around .
kid	We’ve got children’s church because we know how to kid around
boils	What it boils down to is this : eggs taste good .
Chuck	My name is Chuck , I ' m a butcher .
Mass	The pope , on his 2008 tour in the United States , skipped Mass .
bear	There was a massive outcry against the plan to build a power line across a nature preserve . The public couldn ' t bear the tension .
suit	A tailor sometimes decides to suit himself .
crowning	A woman who became queen considered it her crowning achievement .
mass	Even though Catholics in space are weightless , do they have mass ?
buzz	OLD PILOTS never die , they just buzz off .
NP	Convicts are committed people .
Emmy	My name is Emmy , I ' m a T . V . star
sweeping	A new type of broom came out , it is sweeping the nation .
uprooted	OLD TREE SURGEONS never die , they are just uprooted .
mouthful	Pills with long names can be quite a mouthful .
irrrigation	My name is Brooks . I ' m an irrrigation consultant
slip	A lingerie thief gave a police officer the slip .
multiply	We ' ll never run out of math teachers because they always multiply .
scratched	The race dogs got a bad case of the fleas - they had to be scratched .
retainer	A lawyer asked his dentist to give him a retainer .
Wade	My name is Wade and I ' m in swimming pool maintenance .
gravity	An astronaut who fails on a weightlessness experiment must be aware of the gravity of the situation .
flake	The weatherman who forecasted snow in July was a bit of a flake .
ghost	Two brothers collaborated on haunted stories , but one was a ghost writer .
falling	They built a tree house together but then had a falling out .
tree	I ' m a sap for tree jokes .
boot	OLD COWBOYS never die , they just get the boot .
bucks	Cowboys in a rodeo can be sure to get a few bucks .
faculties	OLD PRINCIPALS never die they just lose their faculties .
NP	Never lie to an x - ray technician . They can see right through you .
empire	He bought a rope factory to tie into his empire .
spike	He took a nail to the volleyball game because he wanted to spike it .
encapsulating	Pharmacists find their work to be very encapsulating .
punch	OLD KEY PUNCH OPERATORS never die they just punch out .
dribble	A basketball player couldn ' t control his saliva but he could sure dribble .
log	If you work in a forestry company you will probably have to log your time .
putter	OLD GOLFERS never die they just putter away .
tips	A job circumcising elephants isn ' t so bad . The base salary is small but the tips are big .
wax	A man giving a speech by candle - light can wax eloquent .
bat	I never have understood how you ' re supposed to hit anything with a bat . . . . . it keeps flying away .
NP	' ' How long will I have to wait for a table ? ' ' asked Tom without reservation .
overboard	The designer wondered why his pirate room wasn ' t perfect , and the judge told him he went a little overboard .
stock	' ' Consult an investment broker , ' ' was Tom ' s stock answer .
judge	If there ' s one person you don ' t want to interrupt in the middle of a sentence it ' s a judge .
hops	Rabbits like their beer brewed with a lot of hops .
Sly	My name is Sly . I ' m a detective .
fan	Some people really enjoy blowing air out of their lungs - I ' m not a fan myself .
seasoned	An old spice wholesaler is a seasoned veteran .
retail	If an animal looses its tail it should shop at a retail store .
impression	If you go for a job interview at a rubber stamp company try to make a good impression .
spark	OLD BLASTING TECHNICIANS never die , they just lose their spark .
mold	Studying fungus is a way to mold young minds .
tuning	A mechanic who was also a musician was good at tuning things .
bets	A gambling gardener usually hedges his bets .
chick	I watched a movie about a baby hen , it was a real chick flick .
shuffle	How does a card player party ? They shuffle .
relight	I noticed that the sun was out , and nobody had bothered to relight it .
dense	If a town ' s people have low IQs is the population dense ?
NP	Doctor , Doctor , you ' ve got to help me . I think I ' m a kleptomaniac . - Don ' t worry . I think there ' s something you can take for that . Next .
peach	She was only a Fruit vender ' s daughter , but , oh , what a peach .
expressions	Old math profs never die - - they just use strange expressions .
marooned	A boating accident between the yacht , Red Dawn , and the schooner , Blue Lagoon , left the survivors marooned .
NP	Junior loved being a member of the wrestling team even though he was prone to lose .
naked	The waiter was shocked when I asked for my salad to be served naked . I explained , no dressing please .
blow	I suspected our new house guest was a terrorist . He asked to sleep on a blow up mattress .
plaque	Trophy shops often will give customers floss with their purchase to eliminate plaque problems .
scratch	Scientists have created a flea from scratch .
deflowered	OLD BOTANISTS never die , they ' re just deflowered .
shallow	The plot to his story of the pond was quite shallow .
fluke	If you sight a whale , it could be a fluke .
account	A person who would make a banking joke is of no account .
square	He bought a plate with four corners so he could have a square meal .
peeped	' ' I didn ' t look at all ! ' ' Tom peeped .
Melody	My name is Melody . A Musician
ties	Two companies that made shoelaces had common ties .
gas	Why was the car embarrassed ? Because it had gas !
NP	I was arrested after my therapist suggested I take something for my kleptomania .
NP	Doctor , Doctor , my hair is coming out . What can you give me to keep it in ? - A cigar box . Next .
arrangements	OLD FLORISTS never die , they just make alternative arrangements .
alive	When entering a funeral home , remember to stay alert and always look alive !
stuff	Taxidermists really know their stuff .
jam	Two blackberries met . They were both in a jam .
stitches	Two surgeons were joking about sutures and had each other in stitches .
